A team of great champions! https://t.co/Pm5p9L6TaX
WSJ: Obama Admin Must Account for ‘Abuse of Surveillance Powers’ https://t.co/mIE0vOFZae via @BreitbartNews
Today, it was my great honor to welcome Prime Minister @Netanyahu of Israel back to the @WhiteHouse where I signed a Presidential Proclamation recognizing Israel’s sovereignty over the Golan Heights. Read more: https://t.co/yAAyR2Hxe4 https://t.co/gWp6nwRwsY
https://t.co/G4RNXzoWqc
https://t.co/DAT0cT72WX
“Breaking News: Mueller Report Finds No Trump-Russia Conspiracy.” @MSNBC
“The Special Counsel did not find that the Trump Campaign, or anyone associated with it, conspired or coordinated with the Russian Government in these efforts, despite multiple offers from Russian-affiliated individuals to assist the Trump Campaign.”
“No matter your ideologies or your loyalties, this is a good day for America. No American conspired to cooperate with Russia in its efforts to interfere with the 2016 election, according to Robert Mueller, and that is good.”  @BretBaier  @FoxNews
No Collusion, No Obstruction, Complete and Total EXONERATION. KEEP AMERICA GREAT!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Good Morning, Have A Great Day!
Today in Florida, @FLOTUS and I were honored to welcome and meet with leaders from the Bahamas, Dominican Republic, Haiti, Jamaica, and Saint Lucia! https://t.co/tElFdkIYfC
It was announced today by the U.S. Treasury that additional large scale Sanctions would be added to those already existing Sanctions on North Korea. I have today ordered the withdrawal of those additional Sanctions!
It is my pleasure to announce that @StephenMoore, a very respected Economist, will be nominated to serve on the Fed Board. I have known Steve for a long time – and have no doubt he will be an outstanding choice!
....There is nothing to admire about them, they will always try to show a glimmer of vicious hope, but they are losers and barely breathing. Think about that before you destroy your lives and the lives of your family!
ISIS uses the internet better than almost anyone, but for all of those susceptible to ISIS propaganda, they are now being beaten badly at every level....
https://t.co/wbQiy4uGYM
https://t.co/du665IcD5H
“Our own Benjamin Hall is doing fantastic reporting on ISIS right on the from line (True). ISIS was willing to die but now, because of big pressure, save for a few people in caves, most have surrendered. A testament to our President.” Thank you Pete Hegseth @foxandfriends
https://t.co/qjoe0rc3rQ
3.1 GDP FOR THE YEAR, BEST NUMBER IN 14 YEARS!
Today we celebrate the lives and achievements of Americans with Down Syndrome. @VP and I will always stand with these wonderful families, and together we will always stand for LIFE! #WorldDownSyndromeDay https://t.co/u7vrG7JnCP
We are here today to take historic action to defend American Students and American Values. In a few moments, I will be signing an Executive Order to protect FREE SPEECH on College Campuses.https://t.co/gFFnSl1bEF
After 52 years it is time for the United States to fully recognize Israel’s Sovereignty over the Golan Heights, which is of critical strategic and security importance to the State of Israel and Regional Stability!
“John Solomon: As Russia Collusion fades, Ukrainian plot to help Clinton emerges.” @seanhannity  @FoxNews
“The reason we have the Special Counsel investigation is that James Comey (a dirty cop) leaked his memos to a friend, who leaked them to the press, on purpose.” @KennedyNation Totally illegal!
https://t.co/UhTjBuWY2h
Leaving the GREAT STATE of OHIO for the @WhiteHouse. A really great day!
https://t.co/ssJNhlTMzy
ISIS Caliphate two years ago in red vs. ISIS Caliphate TODAY. (Was even worse in November 2016 before I took office). https://t.co/MUgfex4rCj
Really beautiful to see! https://t.co/DKq2TIeiSs
Great news from @Ford! They are investing nearly $1 BILLION in Flat Rock, Michigan for auto production on top of a $1 BILLION investment last month in a facility outside of Chicago. Companies are pouring back into the United States - they want to be where the action is!
I am thrilled to be here in Ohio with the hardworking men and women of the Lima Army Tank Plant! We are here today to celebrate a resounding victory for all of you, for Northwest Ohio, for our GREAT MILITARY, and for our entire Country...https://t.co/ZWbjX0Be9m
George Conway, often referred to as Mr. Kellyanne Conway by those who know him, is VERY jealous of his wife’s success &amp; angry that I, with her help, didn’t give him the job he so desperately wanted. I barely know him but just take a look, a stone cold LOSER &amp; husband from hell!
The Democrats are getting very “strange.” They now want to change the voting age to 16, abolish the Electoral College, and Increase significantly the number of Supreme Court Justices. Actually, you’ve got to win it at the Ballot Box!
Not a good situation! https://t.co/uaMcSrX4yM
....just the large States - the Cities would end up running the Country. Smaller States &amp; the entire Midwest would end up losing all power - &amp; we can’t let that happen. I used to like the idea of the Popular Vote, but now realize the Electoral College is far better for the U.S.A.
Campaigning for the Popular Vote is much easier &amp; different than campaigning for the Electoral College. It’s like training for the 100 yard dash vs. a marathon. The brilliance of the Electoral College is that you must go to many States to win. With the Popular Vote, you go to....
Thank you @JesseBWatters, could not have said it any better myself! https://t.co/HirL10zwZl
Amazingly, CNN just released a poll at 71%, saying that the economy is in the best shape since 2001, 18 years! WOW, is CNN becoming a believer?
https://t.co/95I4towyEP
I will be looking into this! #StopTheBias https://t.co/ZTWQolvmdM
Facebook, Google and Twitter, not to mention the Corrupt Media, are sooo on the side of the Radical Left Democrats. But fear not, we will win anyway, just like we did before! #MAGA
“You can’t dispel this mood of positive energy.”  @Varneyco  The Economy is Great!
A total loser! https://t.co/vm3Vv2f9jf
The Fake News Media has NEVER been more Dishonest or Corrupt than it is right now. There has never been a time like this in American History. Very exciting but also, very sad! Fake News is the absolute Enemy of the People and our Country itself!
https://t.co/h2bZ1p3UlY
https://t.co/QxJBMTAZqG
Rep. Devin Nunes Files $250M Defamation Lawsuit Against Twitter, Two Anonymous Twitter Accounts https://t.co/fT9ZXdWg7z via @thedailybeast
While the press doesn’t like writing about it, nor do I need them to, I donate my yearly Presidential salary of $400,000.00 to different agencies throughout the year, this to Homeland Security. If I didn’t do it there would be hell to pay from the FAKE NEWS MEDIA! https://t.co/xqIGUOwh4x
https://t.co/precsXDarx
Our prayers are with the great people of South Dakota. We are staying in close contact with @GovKristiNoem and all the State and Local leaders during and after these devastating floods. Everyone be safe! https://t.co/9CNcPJZ3qi
My team is staying in close contact with Governor Kim Reynolds (@IAGovernor) of Iowa and the local officials managing these floods. We support you and thank all of the first responders working long hours to help the great people of Iowa! https://t.co/mZ4grxQ1Sa
https://t.co/sb4UfYkFWI
GDP growth during the four quarters of 2018 was the fastest since 2005. This Administration is the first on record to have experienced economic growth that meets or exceeds its own forecasts in each of its first two years in office. GROWTH is beating MARKET EXPECTATIONS!
Wow! A Suffolk/USA Today Poll, just out, states, “50% of Americans AGREE that  Robert Mueller’s investigation is a Witch Hunt.” @MSNBC  Very few think it is legit! We will soon find out?
The Fake News Media is working overtime to blame me for the horrible attack in New Zealand. They will have to work very hard to prove that one. So Ridiculous!
Joe Biden got tongue tied over the weekend when he was unable to properly deliver a very simple line about his decision to run for President. Get used to it, another low I.Q. individual!
93% Approval Rating in the Republican Party. Thank you!
....are all coming back to the U.S. So is everyone else. We now have the best Economy in the World, the envy of all. Get that big, beautiful plant in Ohio open now. Close a plant in China or Mexico, where you invested so heavily pre-Trump, but not in the U.S.A. Bring jobs home!
General Motors and the UAW are going to start “talks” in September/October. Why wait, start them now! I want jobs to stay in the U.S.A. and want Lordstown (Ohio), in one of the best economies in our history, opened or sold to a company who will open it up fast! Car companies.....
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
What the Democrats have done in trying to steal a Presidential Election, first at the “ballot box” and then, after that failed, with the “Insurance Policy,” is the biggest Scandal in the history of our Country!
Just spoke to Mary Barra, CEO of General Motors about the Lordstown Ohio plant. I am not happy that it is closed when everything else in our Country is BOOMING. I asked her to sell it or do something quickly. She blamed the UAW Union — I don’t care, I just want it open!
Those Republican Senators who voted in favor of Strong Border Security (and the Wall) are being uniformly praised as they return to their States. They know there is a National Emergency at the Southern Border, and they had the courage to ACT. Great job!
Were @FoxNews weekend anchors, @ArthelNeville and @LelandVittert, trained by CNN prior to their ratings collapse? In any event, that’s where they should be working, along with their lowest rated anchor, Shepard Smith!
Democrat UAW Local 1112 President David Green ought to get his act together and produce. G.M. let our Country down, but other much better car companies are coming into the U.S. in droves. I want action on Lordstown fast. Stop complaining and get the job done! 3.8% Unemployment!
https://t.co/yvJpMzy3R4
....to the people that got you there. Keep fighting for Tucker, and fight hard for @JudgeJeanine. Your competitors are jealous - they all want what you’ve got - NUMBER ONE. Don’t hand it to them on a silver platter. They can’t beat you, you can only beat yourselves!
https://t.co/gj32A6PowS
....must stay strong and fight back with vigor. Stop working soooo hard on being politically correct, which will only bring you down, and continue to fight for our Country. The losers all want what you have, don’t give it to them. Be strong &amp; prosper, be weak &amp; die! Stay true....
Bring back @JudgeJeanine Pirro. The Radical Left Democrats, working closely with their beloved partner, the Fake News Media, is using every trick in the book to SILENCE a majority of our Country. They have all out campaigns against @FoxNews hosts who are doing too well. Fox .....
Happy St. Patrick’s Day! ?? https://t.co/WmuNzJSRr8
So it was indeed (just proven in court papers) “last in his class” (Annapolis) John McCain that sent the Fake Dossier to the FBI and Media hoping to have it printed BEFORE the Election. He &amp; the Dems, working together, failed (as usual). Even the Fake News refused this garbage!
So it was indeed (just proven in court papers) “last in his class” (Annapolis) John McCain that sent the Fake Dossier to the FBI and Media hoping to have it printed BEFORE the Election. He &amp; the Dems, working together,  failed (as usual). Even the Fake News refused this garbage!
Report: Christopher Steele backed up his Democrat &amp; Crooked Hillary paid for Fake &amp; Unverified Dossier with information he got from “send in watchers” of low ratings CNN. This is the info that got us the Witch Hunt!
....Should Federal Election Commission and/or FCC look into this? There must be Collusion with the Democrats and, of course, Russia! Such one sided media coverage, most of it Fake News. Hard to believe I won and am winning. Approval Rating 52%, 93% with Republicans. Sorry!  #MAGA
It’s truly incredible that shows like Saturday Night Live, not funny/no talent, can spend all of their time knocking the same person (me), over &amp; over, without so much of a mention of “the other side.” Like an advertisement without consequences. Same with Late Night Shows......
How is the Paris Environmental Accord working out for France? After 18 weeks of rioting by the Yellow Vest Protesters, I guess not so well! In the meantime, the United States has gone to the top of all lists on the Environment.
Google is helping China and their military, but not the U.S. Terrible! The good news is that they helped Crooked Hillary Clinton, and not Trump....and how did that turn out?
Because the economy is so good, General Motors must get their Lordstown, Ohio, plant open, maybe in a different form or with a new owner, FAST! Toyota is investing 13.5 $Billion in U.S., others likewise. G.M. MUST ACT QUICKLY. Time is of the essence!
Spreading the fake and totally discredited Dossier “is unfortunately a very dark stain against John McCain.” Ken Starr, Former Independent Counsel. He had far worse “stains” than this, including thumbs down on repeal and replace after years of campaigning to repeal and replace!
This is a National Emergency...https://t.co/AAKBuNW2ro
Mark Morgan, Former Border Patrol Chief with great experience in Law Enforcement, really understands the subjects of Immigration and the Border. Thank you Mark!  @foxandfriends
https://t.co/WQThgHWcg4
Veto Message to the House of Representatives for H.J. Res. 46: https://t.co/9Z5JHAUv6N https://t.co/lA4RSYTZo0
https://t.co/oCPqP4v1fH
On the recent non-binding vote (420-0) in Congress about releasing the Mueller Report, I told leadership to let all Republicans vote for transparency. Makes us all look good and doesn’t matter. Play along with the game!
https://t.co/lopau8H33l
https://t.co/B6NgsZuJdy
Just spoke w/ @GovRicketts. The people of Nebraska &amp; across the Midwest, especially the Farmers &amp; Ranchers, are feeling the impacts from severe weather. The first responders &amp; emergency response teams have done a great job dealing w/ record flooding, high winds, &amp; road closures.
https://t.co/tEgQFkcMs1
Just spoke with Jacinda Ardern, the Prime Minister of New Zealand, regarding the horrific events that have taken place over the past 24 hours. I informed the Prime Minister....
....that we stand in solidarity with New Zealand – and that any assistance the U.S.A. can give, we stand by ready to help. We love you New Zealand!
I’d like to thank all of the Great Republican Senators who bravely voted for Strong Border Security and the WALL. This will help stop Crime, Human Trafficking, and Drugs entering our Country. Watch, when you get back to your State, they will LOVE you more than ever before!
.....THIS SHOULD NEVER HAPPEN TO A PRESIDENT AGAIN!
....should never have been appointed and there should be no Mueller Report. This was an illegal &amp; conflicted investigation in search of a crime. Russian Collusion was nothing more than an excuse by the Democrats for losing an Election that they thought they were going to win.....
So, if there was knowingly &amp; acknowledged to be “zero” crime when the Special Counsel was appointed, and if the appointment was made based on the Fake Dossier (paid for by Crooked Hillary) and now disgraced Andrew McCabe (he &amp; all stated no crime), then the Special Counsel.......
“New evidence that the Obama era team of the FBI, DOJ &amp; CIA were working together to Spy on (and take out) President Trump, all the way back in 2015.” A transcript of Peter Strzok’s testimony is devastating. Hopefully the Mueller Report will be covering this. @OANN @foxandfriends
The ‘Jexodus’ movement encourages Jewish people to leave the Democrat Party. Total disrespect! Republicans are waiting with open arms. Remember Jerusalem (U.S. Embassy) and the horrible Iran Nuclear Deal! @OANN  @foxandfriends
My warmest sympathy and best wishes goes out to the people of New Zealand after the horrible massacre in the Mosques. 49 innocent people have so senselessly died, with so many more seriously injured. The U.S. stands by New Zealand for anything we can do. God bless all!
Breitbart News Network https://t.co/HdGfwuASWC via @BreitbartNews
https://t.co/884dpZi52P
I look forward to VETOING the just passed Democrat inspired Resolution which would OPEN BORDERS while increasing Crime, Drugs, and Trafficking in our Country. I thank all of the Strong Republicans who voted to support Border Security and our desperately needed WALL!
VETO!
Congratulations @Toyota! BIG NEWS for U.S. Auto Workers! The USMCA is already fixing the broken NAFTA deal. https://t.co/f9iHprPk5B
A vote for today’s resolution by Republican Senators is a vote for Nancy Pelosi, Crime, and the Open Border Democrats!
....If, at a later date, Congress wants to update the law, I will support those efforts, but today’s issue is BORDER SECURITY and Crime!!! Don’t vote with Pelosi!
Prominent legal scholars agree that our actions to address the National Emergency at the Southern Border and to protect the American people are both CONSTITUTIONAL and EXPRESSLY authorized by Congress....
Happy National Ag Day! https://t.co/hNkOh0TqvW
The three very weak and untalented late night “hosts” are “fighting over table scraps. Carson did a great job, it wasn’t political. I don’t know what they’re going to do in 2024 when he’s no longer President?  Will be wacky in the unemployment line.” Michael Loftus @foxandfriends
The Democrats are “Border Deniers.” They refuse to see or acknowledge the Death, Crime, Drugs and Human Trafficking at our Southern Border!
My Administration looks forward to negotiating a large scale Trade Deal with the United Kingdom. The potential is unlimited!
A big National Emergency vote today by The United States Senate on Border Security &amp; the Wall (which is already under major construction). I am prepared to veto, if necessary. The Southern Border is a National Security and Humanitarian Nightmare, but it can be easily fixed!
“Democrats are frantic to throw something else at the President. That’s why you saw those 81 subpoenas. It’s ridiculous. Just because your still upset over an election that happened 2 1/2 years ago, you should not be allowed to ruin people’s lives like this.” Lara Trump, @FoxNews
I agree with Rand Paul. This is a total disgrace and should NEVER happen to another President! https://t.co/czcUbee9x7
“The Lisa Page (FBI) transcript also confirms earlier reporting that Page testified Russian Collusion was still unproven when Special Counsel Robert Mueller was appointed.” Catherine Herridge, @FoxNews  In other words they appointed someone when there was (and is) no crime. Bad!
“Double Standard - Former FBI lawyer (Lisa Page) admits being told to go easy on Clinton.”  Very unfair!  @FoxNews
https://t.co/2qWkPuFDL6
Republican Senators are overthinking tomorrow’s vote on National Emergency. It is very simply Border Security/No Crime - Should not be thought of any other way. We have a MAJOR NATIONAL EMERGENCY at our Border and the People of our Country know it very well!
Democrats will have a unanimous vote on a 20% issue in opposing Republican Senators tomorrow. The Dems are for Open Borders and Crime!
Comey testified (under oath) that it was a “unanimous” decision on Crooked Hillary. Lisa Page transcripts show he LIED. @jasoninthehouse
The Fake News photoshopped pictures of Melania, then propelled conspiracy theories that it’s actually not her by my side in Alabama and other places. They are only getting more deranged with time!
The just revealed FBI Agent Lisa Page transcripts make the Obama Justice Department look exactly like it was, a broken and corrupt machine. Hopefully, justice will finally be served. Much more to come!
Defying voters, the Governor of California will halt all death penalty executions of 737 stone cold killers. Friends and families of the always forgotten VICTIMS are not thrilled, and neither am I!
KEEP AMERICA GREAT!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
“Jay Leno points out that comedy (on the very boring late night shows) is totally one-sided. It’s tough when there’s only one topic.” @foxandfriends  Actually, the one-sided hatred on these shows is incredible and for me, unwatchable. But remember, WE are number one - President!
....a man who is considered by many to be the President with the most successful first two years in history, especially when he has done nothing wrong and impeachment is for “high crimes and misdemeanors”?
I greatly appreciate Nancy Pelosi’s statement against impeachment, but everyone must remember the minor fact that I never did anything wrong, the Economy and Unemployment are the best ever, Military and Vets are great - and many other successes! How do you impeach....
So many records being set with respect to our Economy. Unemployment numbers among BEST EVER. A beautiful thing to watch!
All part of the Witch Hunt Hoax. Started by little Eric Schneiderman &amp; Cuomo. So many leaving New York! https://t.co/5HCCNFZXFN
All part of the Witch Hunt Hoax. Started by little Eric Schneiderman &amp; Coumo. So many leaving New York! https://t.co/5HCCNFZXFN
All part of the Witch Hunt! https://t.co/5HCCNFZXFN
New York State and its Governor, Andrew Cuomo, are now proud members of the group of PRESIDENTIAL HARASSERS. No wonder people are fleeing the State in record numbers. The Witch Hunt continues!
....needed, and the complexity creates danger. All of this for great cost yet very little gain. I don’t know about you, but I don’t want Albert Einstein to be my pilot. I want great flying professionals that are allowed to easily and quickly take control of a plane!
Airplanes are becoming far too complex to fly. Pilots are no longer needed, but rather computer scientists from MIT. I see it all the time in many products. Always seeking to go one unnecessary step further, when often old and simpler is far better. Split second decisions are....
Patrick Moore, co-founder of Greenpeace: “The whole climate crisis is not only Fake News, it’s Fake Science. There is no climate crisis, there’s weather and climate all around the world, and in fact carbon dioxide is the main building block of all life.” @foxandfriends  Wow!
“Jewish people are leaving the Democratic Party. We saw a lot of anti Israel policies start under the Obama Administration, and it got worsts &amp; worse. There is anti-Semitism in the Democratic Party. They don’t care about Israel or the Jewish people.” Elizabeth Pipko, Jexodus.
Republican Senators have a very easy vote this week. It is about Border Security and the Wall (stopping Crime, Drugs etc.), not Constitutionality and Precedent. It is an 80% positive issue. The Dems are 100% United, as usual, on a 20% issue, Open Borders and Crime. Get tough R’s!
Making Daylight Saving Time permanent is O.K. with me!
At a recent round table meeting of business executives, &amp; long after formally introducing Tim Cook of Apple, I quickly referred to Tim + Apple as Tim/Apple as an easy way to save time &amp; words. The Fake News was disparagingly all over this, &amp; it became yet another bad Trump story!
“There’s not one shred of evidence that President Trump has done anything wrong.” @GrahamLedger One America News.  So true, a total Witch Hunt - All started illegally by Crooked Hillary Clinton, the DNC and others!
More people are working today in the United States, 158,000,000, than at any time in our Country’s history. That is a Big Deal!
Despite the most hostile and corrupt media in the history of American politics, the Trump Administration has accomplished more in its first two years than any other Administration. Judges, biggest Tax &amp; Regulation Cuts, V.A. Choice, Best Economy, Lowest Unemployment &amp; much more!
“Donald Trump’s Approval Rating is at or near his highest level ever. The media is not being honest about what is happening in this Country.” Jesse Watters
Will soon be 145 Judges! https://t.co/LoTbT4RFJj
This is just the beginning! https://t.co/PYwFGVGUxX
The Witch Hunt continues! https://t.co/9W1iUgE0d6
....and renovated, with MUCH MORE to follow shortly. Tens of thousands of illegals are being apprehended (captured) at the Border and NOT allowed into our Country. With another President, millions would be pouring in. I am stopping an invasion as the Wall gets built. #MAGA
Wacky Nut Job @AnnCoulter, who still hasn’t figured out that, despite all odds and an entire Democrat Party of Far Left Radicals against me (not to mention certain Republicans who are sadly unwilling to fight), I am winning on the Border. Major sections of Wall are being built...
I hope the grandstanding Governor of California is able to spend his very highly taxed citizens money on asylum holds more efficiently than money has been spent on the so-called Fast Train, which is $Billions over budget &amp; in total disarray. Time to reduce taxes in California!
Border Patrol and Law Enforcement has apprehended (captured) large numbers of illegal immigrants at the Border. They won’t be coming into the U.S. The Wall is being built and will greatly help us in the future, and now!
https://t.co/QUuEBfFo44
.@RepMikeTurner  “The only time that Michael Cohen told the truth is when he pled that he is guilty.”  Also when he said no collusion and I did not tell him to lie!”
Unimaginable loss - Such great people! https://t.co/AV9oi8XuaE
Sessions didn’t have a clue! https://t.co/XlLpnINOBv
Aluminum prices are down 12% since I instituted Tariffs on Aluminum Dumping - and the U.S. will be taking in Billions, plus jobs. Nice!
Congratulations to Heather Wilson, who is the sole finalist to become the next President of University of Texas at El Paso effective September 1, 2019. Heather has done an absolutely fantastic job...
....as Secretary of the Air Force, and I know she will be equally great in the very important world of higher education. A strong thank you to Heather for her service.
Bad lawyer and fraudster Michael Cohen said under sworn testimony that he never asked for a Pardon. His lawyers totally contradicted him. He lied! Additionally, he directly asked me for a pardon. I said NO. He lied again! He also badly wanted to work at the White House. He lied!
Heading now to the Great State of Alabama!
On International Women’s Day, we honor women worldwide for their vital role in shaping and strengthening our communities, families, governments, and businesses...https://t.co/VVnkuBPmhA
Women’s unemployment rate is down to 3.6% - was 7.9% in January, 2011. Things are looking good!
We are apprehending record numbers of illegal immigrants - but we need the Wall to help our great Border Patrol Agents!
“This is as good a time as I can remember to be an American Worker. We have the strongest economy in the world.”  Stuart Varney @foxandfriends  So true!
Both the Judge and the lawyer in the Paul Manafort case stated loudly and for the world to hear that there was NO COLLUSION with Russia. But the Witch Hunt Hoax continues as you now add these statements to House &amp; Senate Intelligence &amp; Senator Burr. So bad for our Country!
PRESIDENTIAL HARASSMENT!
I cannot believe the level of dishonesty in the media. It is totally out of control, but we are winning!
Thank you @foxandfriends. Great show!
The Wall is being built and is well under construction. Big impact will be made. Many additional contracts are close to being signed. Far ahead of schedule despite all of the Democrat Obstruction and Fake News!
Breaking News @MSNBC: “Cohen’s lawyer contradicts Cohen’s testimony about never seeking a Presidential Pardon.”
We are on track to APPREHEND more than one million people coming across the Southern Border this year. Great job by Border Patrol (and others) who are working in a Broken System. Can be fixed by Congress so easily and quickly if only the Democrats would get on board!
It was not a campaign contribution, and there were no violations of the campaign finance laws by me. Fake News!
Democrats just blocked @FoxNews from holding a debate. Good, then I think I’ll do the same thing with the Fake News Networks and the Radical Left Democrats in the General Election debates!
Wall Street Journal: “More migrant families crossing into the U.S. illegally have been arrested in the first five months of the federal fiscal year than in any prior full year.” We are doing a great job at the border, but this is a National Emergency!
Congressman Chris Stewart: “No one is accusing the President of a crime and yet they (the Democrats) are issuing hundreds of subpoenas. This is unprecedented.” They are desperately trying to find anything they can, even a punctuation mistake in a document!
American Workforce Policy Advisory Board Meeting at the @WhiteHouse! https://t.co/izb2tTrINB
It is shameful that House Democrats won’t take a stronger stand against Anti-Semitism in their conference. Anti-Semitism has fueled atrocities throughout history and it’s inconceivable they will not act to condemn it!
Senate Republicans are not voting on constitutionality or precedent, they are voting on desperately needed Border Security &amp; the Wall. Our Country is being invaded with Drugs, Human Traffickers, &amp; Criminals of all shapes and sizes. That’s what this vote is all about. STAY UNITED!
Weirdo Tom Steyer doesn’t have the “guts” or money to run for President. He’s all talk! https://t.co/klmVsCmeNE
Hans Von Spakovsky, “I haven’t seen any evidence of actual violations of the law, which is usually a basis before you start an investigation. Adam Schiff seems to be copying Joseph McCarthy in wanting to open up investigations when they don’t have any evidence of wrongdoing.”
Presidential Harassment! https://t.co/AHz6kLliaC
“(Crooked) Hillary Clinton confirms she will not run in 2020, rules out a third bid for White House.” Aw-shucks, does that mean I won’t get to run against her again? She will be sorely missed!
Scott Gottlieb, who has done an absolutely terrific job as Commissioner of the FDA, plans to leave government service sometime next month....
....Scott has helped us to lower drug prices, get a record number of generic drugs approved and onto the market, and so many other things. He and his talents will be greatly missed!
Just a few moments ago, I signed an EO addressing one of our nation’s most heartbreaking tragedies: VETERANS SUICIDE. To every Veteran—I want you to know that you have an entire nation of more than 300 million people behind you. You will NEVER be forgotten.https://t.co/DKxiV5Ku3B
Our great First Lady (@FLOTUS) will be doing a LIVE show TODAY at 1:00 PM PT with the terrific @EricBolling at the @WestgateVegas Resort. She’s on her #BeBest Tour, helping address the #OpioidCrisis. Free admission for the first 1,500 people!
Republican Approval Rating just hit 93%. Sorry Haters! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
PRESIDENTIAL HARASSMENT!
The greatest overreach in the history of our Country. The Dems are obstructing justice and will not get anything done. A big, fat, fishing expedition desperately in search of a crime, when in fact the real crime is what the Dems are doing, and have done!
“HIV Is Cured In 2nd Patient, Doctors Report.” @nytimes  Such great news for so many. Tremendous progress being made!
Now that they realize the only Collusion with Russia was done by Crooked Hillary Clinton &amp; the Democrats, Nadler, Schiff and the Dem heads of the Committees have gone stone cold CRAZY. 81 letter sent to innocent people to harass them. They won’t get ANYTHING done for our Country!
@StarParker is indeed a “Star!” Thank you. Center for Urban Renewal &amp; Ed. @JesseBWatters @LauraIngram
Representative Ilhan Omar is again under fire for her terrible comments concerning Israel. Jewish groups have just sent a petition to Speaker Pelosi asking her to remove Omar from Foreign Relations Committee. A dark day for Israel!
“We the people will now be subjected to the biggest display of modern day McCarthyism....which is the widest fishing net expedition....every aspect of the presidents life....all in order to get power back so they can institute Socialism.” @seanhannity
“We the people will now be subjected to the biggest display of modern day McCathyism....which is the widest fishing net expedition....every aspect of the presidents life....all in order to get power back so they can institute Socialism.” @seanhannity
.... Amazon, like the Washington Post. It’s hard to remember that not so long ago America had prestige media outlets, but not anymore.” @TuckerCarlson   The Fake News Media is the true Enemy of the People!
“The American Media has changed forever. News organizations that seemed like a big deal are now extinct.  Those that remain have now degraded themselves beyond recognition, like the New Yorker - or they’ve been purchased by Jeff Bezos to conduct unregistered lobbying for.........
Presidential Harassment! https://t.co/2Cz5ckERcs
“There is no Collusion. All of these investigations are in search of a crime. Democrats have no evidence to impeach President Trump. Ridiculous!” @DevinNunes @FoxNews
“Now that the Dems are going to try &amp; switch from Collusion to some other reason, it makes them continue to look like sore losers who didn’t accept the WILL OF THE PEOPLE in the last election - they will do anything to get rid of the President.” @AriFleischer It will never work!
The military drills, or war games as I call them, were never even discussed in my mtg w/ Kim Jong Un of NK—FAKE NEWS! I made that decision long ago because it costs the U.S. far too much money to have those “games”, especially since we are not reimbursed for the tremendous cost!
FEMA has been told directly by me to give the A Plus treatment to the Great State of Alabama and the wonderful people who have been so devastated by the Tornadoes. @GovernorKayIvey, one of the best in our Country, has been so informed. She is working closely with FEMA (and me!).
FEMA has been told directly by me to give the A Plus treatment to the Great State of Alabama and the wonderful people who have been so devastated by the Tornadoes. @GovIvey, one of the best in our Country, has been so informed. She is working closely with FEMA (and me!).
To the great people of Alabama and surrounding areas: Please be careful and safe. Tornadoes and storms were truly violent and more could be coming. To the families and friends of the victims, and to the injured, God bless you all!
And also illegally leaking to Fake News CNN &amp; others? https://t.co/GAItdhWniB
Schumer &amp; the Democrats are hurting our Country. Senate Republicans must take BOLD ACTION! https://t.co/QFqCaYmVPJ
For the Democrats to interview in open hearings a convicted liar &amp; fraudster, at the same time as the very important Nuclear Summit with North Korea, is perhaps a new low in American politics and may have contributed to the “walk.” Never done when a president is overseas. Shame!
....President. We are WINNING big, the envy of the WORLD, but just think what it could be?
Presidential Harassment by “crazed” Democrats at the highest level in the history of our Country. Likewise, the most vicious and corrupt Mainstream Media that any president has ever had to endure - Yet the most successful first two years for any
The reason I do not want military drills with South Korea is to save hundreds of millions of dollars for the U.S. for which we are not reimbursed. That was my position long before I became President. Also, reducing tensions with North Korea at this time is a good thing!
My wonderful daughter, Ivanka, will be interviewed tonight by Steve Hilton on “The Next Revolution.” @FoxNews 9:00 P.M. She works so hard and has achieved so much for the U.S.A.(and gets so little credit!). Then watch Mark Levin at 10:00 P.M., a great show!
“Look how they’re acting now and how we act when we’re in the majority. What the Democrats are doing is an abuse of power. They couldn’t find anything...they took a Fake Dossier &amp; couldn’t find any Collusion. Now they have a fake witness in Cohen.” Congressman Mark Green, (R-TN).
After more than two years of Presidential Harassment, the only things that have been proven is that Democrats and other broke the law. The hostile Cohen testimony, given by a liar to reduce his prison time, proved no Collusion! His just written book manuscript showed what he.....
...said was a total lie, but Fake Media won’t show it. I am an innocent man being persecuted by some very bad, conflicted &amp; corrupt people in a Witch Hunt that is illegal &amp; should never have been allowed to start - And only because I won the Election! Despite this, great success!
https://t.co/PTLqvZNwqY
We’ve got NASA “rocking” again. Great activity and success. Congrats to SPACEX and all!
The brand new manuscript for a new book by failed lawyer Michael Cohen shows his testimony was a total lie! Pundits should only use it.
Virtually everything failed lawyer Michael Cohen said in his sworn testimony last week is totally contradicted in his just released manuscript for a book about me. It’s a total new love letter to “Trump” and the pols must now use it rather than his lies for sentence reduction!
Thank you @marklevinshow!https://t.co/dwQR11genG
@TeamCavuto  It was a 3 day train ride to Vietnam, not 3 hours!
Will be speaking at CPAC at 11:30 this morning. Record crowd, live broadcast. Enjoy!
Very proud of perhaps the greatest golf course anywhere in the world. Also, furthers U.K. relationship! https://t.co/3xTzzJH6Iq
I have asked China to immediately remove all Tariffs on our agricultural products (including beef, pork, etc.) based on the fact that we are moving along nicely with Trade discussions....
....and I did not increase their second traunch of Tariffs to 25% on March 1st. This is very important for our great farmers - and me!
....for Otto’s mistreatment and death. Most important, Otto Warmbier will not have died in vain. Otto and his family have become a tremendous symbol of strong passion and strength, which will last for many years into the future. I love Otto and think of him often!
I never like being misinterpreted, but especially when it comes to Otto Warmbier and his great family. Remember, I got Otto out along with three others. The previous Administration did nothing, and he was taken on their watch. Of course I hold North Korea responsible....
Michael Cohen’s book manuscript shows that he committed perjury on a scale not seen before. He must have forgotten about his book when he testified. What does Hillary Clinton’s lawyer, Lanny Davis, say about this one. Is he being paid by Crooked Hillary. Using her lawyer?
...and the fraudulent and dishonest statements he made on Wednesday. No way, it’s time to stop this corrupt and illegally brought Witch Hunt. Time to start looking at the other side where real crimes were committed. Republicans have been abused long enough. Must end now!
Oh’ I see! Now that the 2 year Russian Collusion case has fallen apart, there was no Collusion except bye Crooked Hillary and the Democrats, they say, “gee, I have an idea, let’s look at Trump’s finances and every deal he has ever done. Let’s follow discredited Michael Cohen.....
Congress must demand the transcript of Michael Cohen’s new book, given to publishers a short time ago. Your heads will spin when you see the lies, misrepresentations and contradictions  against his Thursday testimony. Like a different person! He is totally discredited!
Wow, just revealed that Michael Cohen wrote a “love letter to Trump” manuscript for a new book that he was pushing. Written and submitted long after Charlottesville and Helsinki, his phony reasons for going rogue. Book is exact opposite of his fake testimony, which now is a lie!
Great to be back from Vietnam, an amazing place. We had very substantive negotiations with Kim Jong Un - we know what they want and they know what we must have. Relationship very good, let’s see what happens!
Today in Alaska, it was my great honor to visit with our brave men and women of the United States Military at Joint Base Elmendorf-Richardson. We are forever grateful for their service and sacrifice. THANK YOU! https://t.co/4REVxKUsHT
https://t.co/ywNk8EhOh0
https://t.co/hUK9dSBM3M
I will be interviewed by @seanhannity at 9:00 P.M. on @FoxNews. Enjoy!
Everyone MUST watch the opening to @TuckerCarlson - A Classic! @foxnews
THANK YOU to our generous hosts in Hanoi this week: President Trong, Prime Minister Phuc, and the wonderful people of Vietnam! https://t.co/AMqF0dfRhP
Great meeting and dinner with Kim Jong Un in Hanoi, Vietnam tonight. Looking forward to continuing our discussions tomorrow! #HanoiSummit https://t.co/J3x6lUGzjS
Great meetings and dinner tonight in Vietnam with Kim Jong Un of North Korea. Very good dialogue. Resuming tomorrow!
All false reporting (guessing) on my intentions with respect to North Korea. Kim Jong Un and I will try very hard to work something out on Denuclearization &amp; then making North Korea an Economic Powerhouse. I believe that China, Russia, Japan &amp; South Korea will be very helpful!
Fiat Chrysler will be adding more than 6,500 JOBS in Michigan (Detroit area), doubling its hourly workforce as part of a 4.5 Billion Dollar investment. Thank you Fiat Chrysler. They are all coming back to the USA, it’s where the action is!
Michael Cohen was one of many lawyers who represented me (unfortunately). He had other clients also. He was just disbarred by the State Supreme Court for lying &amp; fraud. He did bad things unrelated to Trump. He is lying in order to reduce his prison time. Using Crooked’s lawyer!
I have now spent more time in Vietnam than Da Nang Dick Blumenthal, the third rate Senator from Connecticut (how is Connecticut doing?). His war stories of his heroism in Vietnam were a total fraud - he was never even there. We talked about it today with Vietnamese leaders!
The Democrats should stop talking about what I should do with North Korea and ask themselves instead why they didn’t do “it” during eight years of the Obama Administration?
Vietnam is thriving like few places on earth. North Korea would be the same, and very quickly, if it would denuclearize. The potential is AWESOME, a great opportunity, like almost none other in history, for my friend Kim Jong Un. We will know fairly soon - Very Interesting!
Just arrived in Vietnam. Thank you to all of the people for the great reception in Hanoi. Tremendous crowds, and so much love!
....This will be remembered as one of the most shocking votes in the history of Congress. If there is one thing we should all agree on, it’s protecting the lives of innocent babies.
Senate Democrats just voted against legislation to prevent the killing of newborn infant children. The Democrat position on abortion is now so extreme that they don’t mind executing babies AFTER birth....
If a deal is made with China, our great American Farmers will be treated better than they have ever been treated before!
Heading over to Vietnam for my meeting with Kim Jong Un. Looking forward to a very productive Summit!
China Trade Deal (and more) in advanced stages. Relationship between our two Countries is very strong. I have therefore agreed to delay U.S. tariff hikes. Let’s see what happens?
...our foreign partners. Recovering American hostages is a priority of my Admin, and with Danny’s release, we have now secured freedom for 20 American captives since my election victory. We will not rest as we continue our work to bring the remaining American hostages back home!
...Danny’s recovery reflects the best of what the United States &amp; its partners can accomplish.We work every day to bring Americans home. We maintain constant and intensive diplomatic, intelligence, and law enforcement cooperation within the United States Government and with...
It is my honor today to announce that Danny Burch, a United States citizen who has been held hostage in Yemen for 18 months, has been recovered and reunited with his wife and children. I appreciate the support of the United Arab Emirates in bringing Danny home...
Congratulations to @DJohnsonPGA on his 20th PGA Tour WIN. Not only is Dustin a truly great golfer, he is a wonderful guy. Big year ahead for Dustin!
Since my election as President the Dow Jones is up 43% and the NASDAQ Composite almost 50%. Great news for your 401(k)s as they continue to grow. We are bringing back America faster than anyone thought possible!
“Why on earth would any Republican vote not to put up a Wall or against Border Security. Please explain that to me?” @Varneyco
I hope our great Republican Senators don’t get led down the path of weak and ineffective Border Security. Without strong Borders, we don’t have a Country - and the voters are on board with us. Be strong and smart, don’t fall into the Democrats “trap” of Open Borders and Crime!
Former Senator Harry Reid (he got thrown out) is working hard to put a good spin on his failed career. He led through lies and deception, only to be replaced by another beauty, Cryin’ Chuck Schumer. Some things just never change!
Meeting for breakfast with our Nation’s Governors - then off to Vietnam for a very important Summit with Kim Jong Un. With complete Denuclearization, North Korea will rapidly become an Economic Powerhouse. Without it, just more of the same. Chairman Kim will make a wise decision!
Oil prices getting too high. OPEC, please relax and take it easy. World cannot take a price hike - fragile!
Be nice if Spike Lee could read his notes, or better yet not have to use notes at all, when doing his racist hit on your President, who has done more for African Americans (Criminal Justice Reform, Lowest Unemployment numbers in History, Tax Cuts,etc.) than almost any other Pres!
We have a State of Emergency at our Southern Border. Border Patrol, our Military and local Law Enforcement are doing a great job, but without the Wall, which is now under major construction, you cannot have Border Security. Drugs, Gangs and Human Trafficking must be stopped!
....productive talks, I will be delaying the U.S. increase in tariffs now scheduled for March 1. Assuming both sides make additional progress, we will be planning a Summit for President Xi and myself, at Mar-a-Lago, to conclude an agreement. A very good weekend for U.S. &amp; China!
I am pleased to report that the U.S. has made substantial progress in our trade talks with China on important structural issues including intellectual property protection, technology transfer, agriculture, services, currency, and many other issues. As a result of these very......
So funny to watch people who have failed for years, they got NOTHING, telling me how to negotiate with North Korea. But thanks anyway!
The only Collusion with the Russians was with Crooked Hillary Clinton and the Democratic National Committee...And, where’s the Server that the DNC refused to give to the FBI?  Where are the new Texts between Agent Lisa Page and her Agent lover, Peter S? We want them now!
93% Approval Rating in the Republican Party. 52% Approval Rating overall! Not bad considering I get the most unfair (BAD) press in the history of presidential politics! And don’t forget the Witch Hunt!
Poll: Suburban women are coming back into the Republican Party in droves “because of the Wall and Border Security. 70% support Border Security and the Wall.” Not believing the Walls are immoral line. Beverly Hallberg, Independent Women’s Forum @KatiePavlich  A great USA issue!
Chairman Kim realizes, perhaps better than anyone else, that without nuclear weapons, his country could fast become one of the great economic powers anywhere in the World. Because of its location and people (and him), it has more potential for rapid growth than any other nation!
President Xi of China has been very helpful in his support of my meeting with Kim Jong Un. The last thing China wants are large scale nuclear weapons right next door. Sanctions placed on the border by China and Russia have been very helpful. Great relationship with Chairman Kim!
Very productive talks yesterday with China on Trade. Will continue today! I will be leaving for Hanoi, Vietnam, early tomorrow for a Summit with Kim Jong Un of North Korea, where we both expect a continuation of the progress made at first Summit in Singapore. Denuclearization?
HOLD THE DATE! We will be having one of the biggest gatherings in the history of Washington, D.C., on July 4th. It will be called “A Salute To America” and will be held at the Lincoln Memorial. Major fireworks display, entertainment and an address by your favorite President, me!
So great being with you both in the Oval Office! https://t.co/9VoIV3NahE
“There’s not one shred of evidence that this president’s done anything Constitutionally (or anything else) wrong.” Graham Ledger.  Thank you Graham, so true!
The people of Venezuela stand at the threshold of history, ready to reclaim their country – and their future.... https://t.co/ajxd1EN64c
There is far more ENERGY on the Right than there is on the Left. That’s why we just won the Senate and why we will win big in 2020. The Fake News just doesn’t want to report the facts. Border Security is a big factor. The under construction Wall will stop Gangs, Drugs and Crime!
God Bless the people of Venezuela!
Great new book: “The Case For Trump” by Victor Davis Hanson, Hoover Senior Fellow.
I am pleased to announce that Kelly Knight Craft, our current Ambassador to Canada, is being nominated to be United States Ambassador to the United Nations....
....Kelly has done an outstanding job representing our Nation and I have no doubt that, under her leadership, our Country will be represented at the highest level. Congratulations to Kelly and her entire family!
A must read by @KimStrassel! https://t.co/Gfyrfpy55b
Fake News is so bad for our Country! https://t.co/ZwA8E0URer
Highly respected Senator Richard Burr, head of Senate Intelligence, said, after interviewing over 200 witnesses and studying over 2 million pages of documents, “WE HAVE FOUND NO COLLUSION BETWEEN THE TRUMP CAMPAIGN AND RUSSIA.” The Witch Hunt, so bad for our Country, must end!
We are here to honor the extraordinary contributions of African-Americans to every aspect of American Life, History and Culture. From the earliest days of this Nation, African-American Leaders, Pioneers, &amp; Visionaries have uplifted &amp; inspired our Country...https://t.co/VuFLkfd12j
Senator John Cornyn has done an outstanding job for the people of Texas. He is strong on Crime, the Border, the Second Amendment and loves our Military and Vets. John has my complete and total endorsement. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
.@JussieSmollett - what about MAGA and the tens of millions of people you insulted with your racist and dangerous comments!? #MAGA
THE WALL IS UNDER CONSTRUCTION RIGHT NOW! https://t.co/exUJCiITsz
....something that is so obviously the future. I want the United States to win through competition, not by blocking out currently more advanced technologies. We must always be the leader in everything we do, especially when it comes to the very exciting world of technology!
I want 5G, and even 6G, technology in the United States as soon as possible. It is far more powerful, faster, and smarter than the current standard. American companies must step up their efforts, or get left behind. There is no reason that we should be lagging behind on.........
I have instructed Secretary of State Mike Pompeo, and he fully agrees, not to allow Hoda Muthana back into the Country!
We have just built this powerful Wall in New Mexico. Completed on January 30, 2019 – 47 days ahead of schedule! Many miles more now under construction! #FinishTheWall https://t.co/TYkj3KRdOC
California now wants to scale back their already failed “fast train” project by substantially shortening the distance so that it no longer goes from L.A. to San Francisco. A different deal and record cost overruns. Send the Federal Government back the Billions of Dollars WASTED!
The New York Times reporting is false. They are a true ENEMY OF THE PEOPLE!
“If thinking that James Comey is not a good FBI Director is tantamount to being an agent of Russia, than just list all the people that are agents of Russia - Chuck Schumer, Nancy Pelosi, Rod Rosenstein who wrote the memo to get rid of Comey, the Inspector General....” Trey Gowdy
“The Washington Post ignored basic journalistic standards because it wanted to advance its well-known and easily documented biased agenda against President Donald J. Trump.” Covington student suing WAPO. Go get them Nick. Fake News!
The Press has never been more dishonest than it is today. Stories are written that have absolutely no basis in fact. The writers don’t even call asking for verification. They are totally out of control. Sadly, I kept many of them in business. In six years, they all go BUST!
Crazy Bernie has just entered the race. I wish him well!
“Andrew McCabe gave absolutely no evidence of any threat to substantiate his ABSURD claim.” @LouDobbs
https://t.co/xRbxknI4Nf
I never said anything bad about Andrew McCabe’s wife other than she (they) should not have taken large amounts of campaign money from a Crooked Hillary source when Clinton was under investigation by the FBI. I never called his wife a loser to him (another McCabe made up lie)!
The Washington Post is a Fact Checker only for the Democrats. For the Republicans, and for your all time favorite President, it is a Fake Fact Checker!
The failed Fast Train project in California, where the cost overruns are becoming world record setting, is hundreds of times more expensive than the desperately needed Wall!
As I predicted, 16 states, led mostly by Open Border Democrats and the Radical Left, have filed a lawsuit in, of course, the 9th Circuit! California, the state that has wasted billions of dollars on their out of control Fast Train, with no hope of completion, seems in charge!
The failed Fast Train project in California, were the cost overruns are becoming world record setting, is hundreds of times more expensive than the desperately needed Wall!
As I predicted, 16 cities, led mostly by Open Border Democrats and the Radical Left, have filed a lawsuit in, of course, the 9th Circuit! California, the state that has wasted billions of dollars on their out of control Fast Train, with no hope of completion, seems in charge!
Had the opposition party (no, not the Media) won the election, the Stock Market would be down at least 10,000 points by now. We are heading up, up, up!
“....(The Witch Hunt) in time likely will become recognized as the greatest scandal in American political history, marking the first occasion in which the U.S. government bureaucrats sought to overturn an election (presidential)!” Victor Davis Hanson  And got caught! @FoxNews
Remember this, Andrew McCabe didn’t go to the bathroom without the approval of Leakin’ James Comey!
Thank you Andrew - We all miss beautiful Meadow! https://t.co/a5PLSwpJyx
Thank you JT! https://t.co/L1HDeXWazc
Amazing! https://t.co/uUNCL1hPAk
“The biggest abuse of power and corruption scandal in our history, and it’s much worse than we thought. Andrew McCabe (FBI) admitted to plotting a coup (government overthrow) when he was serving in the FBI, before he was fired for lying &amp; leaking.” @seanhannity @FoxNews  Treason!
Today more than 50 countries around the world now recognize the rightful government of Venezuela. The Venezuelan people have spoken and the world has heard their voice. They are turning the page on Socialism and Dictatorship; and there will be NO GOING BACK! https://t.co/C3DL5RFfiE
I ask every member of the Maduro regime: End this nightmare of poverty, hunger and death. LET YOUR PEOPLE GO. Set your country free! Now is the time for all Venezuelan Patriots to act together, as one united people. Nothing could be better for the future of Venezuela!
The people of Venezuela are standing for FREEDOM and DEMOCRACY – and the United States of America is standing right by their side!
We are here to proclaim that a new day is coming in Latin America. In Venezuela and across the Western Hemisphere, Socialism is DYING - and liberty, prosperity, and democracy are being REBORN...https://t.co/hPL5W48Pmg
Hope you are enjoying your President’s Day, our Country is making unprecedented progress!
“This was an illegal coup attempt on the President of the United States.” Dan Bongino on @foxandfriends  True!
Great analysis by @foxandfriends!
....There is a lot of explaining to do to the millions of people who had just elected a president who they really like and who has done a great job for them with the Military, Vets, Economy and so much more. This was the illegal and treasonous “insurance policy” in full action!
Wow, so many lies by now disgraced acting FBI Director Andrew McCabe. He was fired for lying, and now his story gets even more deranged. He and Rod Rosenstein, who was hired by Jeff Sessions (another beauty), look like they were planning a very illegal act, and got caught.....
“After two years and interviewing more than two hundred witnesses, the Senate Intelligence Committee has NOT discovered any direct evidence of a conspiracy between the Trump Campaign and Russia.”  Ken Dilanian @NBCNews
William Barr is arriving at a Justice Department that desperately needs an infusion of credibility, writes @KimStrassel https://t.co/naY9XOxb12 via @WSJ
The Mueller investigation is totally conflicted, illegal and rigged! Should never have been allowed to begin, except for the Collusion and many crimes committed by the Democrats. Witch Hunt!
“These guys, the investigators, ought to be in jail. What they have done, working with the Obama intelligence agencies, is simply unprecedented. This is one of the greatest political hoaxes ever perpetrated on the people of this Country, and Mueller is a coverup.”  Rush Limbaugh
https://t.co/r8N9m5vQlF
https://t.co/y61loNunTJ
THE RIGGED AND CORRUPT MEDIA IS THE ENEMY OF THE PEOPLE!
Nothing funny about tired Saturday Night Live on Fake News NBC! Question is, how do the Networks get away with these total Republican hit jobs without retribution? Likewise for many other shows? Very unfair and should be looked into. This is the real Collusion!
52% Approval Rating, 93% in Republican Party ( a record )! Pretty amazing considering that 93% (also) of my press is REALLY BAD. The “people” are SMART!
Democrats in the Senate are still slow walking hundreds of highly qualified people wanting to come into government. Never been such an abuse in our country’s history. Mitch should not let Senate go home until all are approved. We need our Ambassadors and all others NOW!
Important meetings and calls on China Trade Deal, and more, today with my staff. Big progress being made on soooo many different fronts! Our Country has such fantastic potential for future growth and greatness on an even higher level!
....The U.S. does not want to watch as these ISIS fighters permeate Europe, which is where they are expected to go. We do so much, and spend so much - Time for others to step up and do the job that they are so capable of doing. We are pulling back after 100% Caliphate victory!
The United States is asking Britain, France, Germany and other European allies to take back over 800 ISIS fighters that we captured in Syria and put them on trial. The Caliphate is ready to fall. The alternative is not a good one in that we will be forced to release them........
Trade negotiators have just returned from China where the meetings on Trade were very productive. Now at meetings with me at Mar-a-Lago giving the details. In the meantime, Billions of Dollars are being paid to the United States by China in the form of Trade Tariffs!
BUILDING THE WALL!
https://t.co/nJORBjwint
https://t.co/f6Jd2FzayZ
Great job by law enforcement in Aurora, Illinois. Heartfelt condolences to all of the victims and their families. America is with you!
https://t.co/BliAo5YDqb
“Trying to use the 25th Amendment to try and circumvent the Election is a despicable act of unconstitutional power grabbing...which happens in third world countries. You have to obey the law. This is an attack on our system &amp; Constitution.” Alan Dershowitz. @TuckerCarlson
“After The Flight 93 Election, The Vote That Saved America - And What We Still Have To Lose,” by very talented Michael Anton, is a terrific read. Check it out!
One year ago today, a horrific act of violence took the lives of 14 students and 3 educators in Parkland, Florida. On this somber anniversary, we honor their memory and recommit to ensuring the safety of all Americans, especially our Nation’s children... https://t.co/MDnSX1BFeW https://t.co/EVAeSwA8oV
Reviewing the funding bill with my team at the @WhiteHouse!
funding bill
....Many of the top FBI brass were fired, forced to leave, or left. McCabe’s wife received BIG DOLLARS from Clinton people for her campaign - he gave Hillary a pass. McCabe is a disgrace to the FBI and a disgrace to our Country. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Disgraced FBI Acting Director Andrew McCabe pretends to be a “poor little Angel” when in fact he was a big part of the Crooked Hillary Scandal &amp; the Russia Hoax - a puppet for Leakin’ James Comey. I.G. report on McCabe was devastating. Part of “insurance policy” in case I won....
California has been forced to cancel the massive bullet train project after having spent and wasted many billions of dollars. They owe the Federal Government three and a half billion dollars. We want that money back now. Whole project is a “green” disaster!
https://t.co/BS162NF8HC
https://t.co/ruL7Ctpdak
Today, it was my great honor to address the @MjrCitiesChiefs Association and @MCSheriffs Conference in Washington, D.C. We will never forget your service, and we will never, ever let you down! We love you, and we thank God for you each and every day. https://t.co/9tuNcVcBqe
The Gallup Poll just announced that 69% of our great citizens expect their finances to improve next year, a 16 year high. Nice!
The Senate Intelligence Committee: THERE IS NO EVIDENCE OF COLLUSION BETWEEN THE TRUMP CAMPAIGN AND RUSSIA!
I want to thank all Republicans for the work you have done in dealing with the Radical Left on Border Security. Not an easy task, but the Wall is being built and will be a great achievement and contributor toward life and safety within our Country!
Thank you to @MSNBC! https://t.co/VdRnirACAz
....Will be getting almost $23 BILLION for Border Security. Regardless of Wall money, it is being built as we speak!
Was just presented the concept and parameters of the Border Security Deal by hard working Senator Richard Shelby. Looking over all aspects knowing that this will be hooked up with lots of money from other sources....
Beautiful evening in El Paso, Texas last night. God Bless the USA! https://t.co/trqA75KxLN
We are fighting for all Americans, from all backgrounds, of every age, race, religion, birthplace, color &amp; creed. Our agenda is NOT a partisan agenda – it is the mainstream, common sense agenda of the American People. Thank you El Paso, Texas - I love you! https://t.co/4Lz4PUwKzV
Coal is an important part of our electricity generation mix and @TVAnews should give serious consideration to all factors before voting to close viable power plants, like Paradise #3 in Kentucky!
?? ??? ????. ?? ??? ?????. ?? ??? ????. ???? ????? ??? ???? #???_???_???? ??? ???. ???? ????? ?? ??????? ?? ????? ?????? ????? ???? ??? ????? https://t.co/nKMQCHQFCZ
40 years of corruption. 40 years of repression. 40 years of terror. The regime in Iran has produced only #40YearsofFailure. The long-suffering Iranian people deserve a much brighter future. https://t.co/bA8YGsw9LA
https://t.co/LpR2JkYLcW
Will be heading to El Paso very soon. Big speech on Border Security and much else tonight. Tremendous crowd! See you later!
The Democrats are so self righteous and ANGRY! Loosen up and have some fun. The Country is doing well!
The Democrats do not want us to detain, or send back, criminal aliens! This is a brand new demand. Crazy!
No president ever worked harder than me (cleaning up the mess I inherited)!
“Fact checkers have become Fake News.” @JesseBWatters   So True!
The U.S. will soon control 100% of ISIS territory in Syria. @CNN (do you believe this?).
Well, it happened again. Amy Klobuchar announced that she is running for President, talking proudly of fighting global warming while standing in a virtual blizzard of snow, ice and freezing temperatures. Bad timing. By the end of her speech she looked like a Snowman(woman)!
The Border Committee Democrats are behaving, all of a sudden, irrationally. Not only are they unwilling to give dollars for the obviously needed Wall (they overrode recommendations of Border Patrol experts), but they don’t even want to take muderers into custody! What’s going on?
“President is on sound legal ground to declare a National Emergency. There have been 58 National Emergencies declared since the law was enacted in 1976, and 31 right now that are currently active, so this is hardly unprecedented.” Congressman @tommcclintock
....The fact is, when I took over as President, our Country was a mess. Depleted Military, Endless Wars, a potential War with North Korea, V.A., High Taxes &amp; too many Regulations, Border, Immigration &amp; HealthCare problems, &amp; much more. I had no choice but to work very long hours!
The media was able to get my work schedule, something very easy to do, but it should have been reported as a positive, not negative. When the term Executive Time is used, I am generally working, not relaxing. In fact, I probably work more hours than almost any past President.....
It was a very bad week for the Democrats, with the GREAT economic numbers, The Virginia disaster and the State of the Union address. Now, with the terrible offers being made by them to the Border Committee, I actually believe they want a Shutdown. They want a new subject!
I don’t think the Dems on the Border Committee are being allowed by their leaders to make a deal. They are offering very little money for the desperately needed Border Wall &amp; now, out of the blue, want a cap on convicted violent felons to be held in detention!
Gallup Poll: “Open Borders will potentially attract 42 million Latin Americans.” This would be a disaster for the U.S. We need the Wall now!
African Americans are very angry at the double standard on full display in Virginia!
Senator Richard Burr, The Chairman of the Senate Intelligence Committee, just announced that after almost two years, more than two hundred interviews, and thousands of documents, they have found NO COLLUSION BETWEEN TRUMP AND RUSSIA! Is anybody really surprised by this?
I think it is very important for the Democrats to press forward with their Green New Deal. It would be great for the so-called “Carbon Footprint” to permanently eliminate all Planes, Cars, Cows, Oil, Gas &amp; the Military - even if no other country would do the same. Brilliant!
Today Elizabeth Warren, sometimes referred to by me as Pocahontas, joined the race for President. Will she run as our first Native American presidential candidate, or has she decided that after 32 years, this is not playing so well anymore? See you on the campaign TRAIL, Liz!
The Democrats just don’t seem to want Border Security. They are fighting Border Agents recommendations. If you believe news reports, they are not offering much for the Wall. They look to be making this a campaign issue. The Wall will get built one way or the other!
We have a great economy DESPITE the Obama Administration and all of its job killing Regulations and Roadblocks. If that thinking prevailed in the 2016 Election, the U.S. would be in a Depression right now! We were heading down, and don’t let the Democrats sound bites fool you!
The Democrats in Congress yesterday were vicious and totally showed their cards for everyone to see. When the Republicans had the Majority they never acted with such hatred and scorn! The Dems are trying to win an election in 2020 that they know they cannot legitimately win!
It was great meeting some of our outstanding young military personnel who were wounded in both Syria and Afghanistan. Their wounds are deep but their spirit is sooo high. They will recoverer &amp; be back very soon. America loves them. Walter Reed Hospital is AMAZING - Thank you all!
North Korea, under the leadership of Kim Jong Un, will become a great Economic Powerhouse. He may surprise some but he won’t surprise me, because I have gotten to know him &amp; fully understand how capable he is. North Korea will become a different kind of Rocket - an Economic one!
My representatives have just left North Korea after a very productive meeting and an agreed upon time and date for the second Summit with Kim Jong Un. It will take place in Hanoi, Vietnam, on February 27 &amp; 28. I look forward to seeing Chairman Kim &amp; advancing the cause of peace!
I was a big fan of Frank Robinson, both as a great player and man. He was the first African American manager in baseball and was highly respected at everything he did. He will he missed!
Deepest sympathies to Congresswoman Debbie Dingell and the entire family of John Dingell. Longest serving Congressman in Country’s history which, if people understand politics, means he was very smart. A great reputation and highly respected man.
Working hard, thank you! https://t.co/tnuHnw8kll
...It is all a GIANT AND ILLEGAL HOAX, developed long before the election itself, but used as an excuse by the Democrats as to why Crooked Hillary Clinton lost the Election! Someday the Fake News Media will turn honest &amp; report that Donald J. Trump was actually a GREAT Candidate!
The mainstream media has refused to cover the fact that the head of the VERY important Senate Intelligence Committee, after two years of intensive study and access to Intelligence that only they could get, just stated that they have found NO COLLUSION between “Trump” &amp; Russia....
Now we find out that Adam Schiff was spending time together in Aspen with Glenn Simpson of GPS Fusion, who wrote the fake and discredited Dossier, even though Simpson was testifying before Schiff. John Solomon of @thehill
Not only did Senator Burr’s Committee find No Collusion by the Trump Campaign and Russia, it’s important because they interviewed 200 witnesses and 300,000 pages of documents, &amp; the Committee has direct access to intelligence information that’s Classified. @GreggJarrett
Highly respected Senator Richard Burr, Chairman of Senate Intelligence, said today that, after an almost two year investigation, he saw no evidence of Russia collusion. “We don’t have anything that would suggest there was collusion by the Trump campaign and Russia.”  Thank you!
So nice how well my State of the Union speech was received. Thank you to all!
Each year, America pauses to remember its fallen astronaut heroes and the great accomplishments for which they strived. @FLOTUS Melania and I mourn their passing and take to heart the lessons of their lives and the greater human potential to which they continue to inspire. https://t.co/P9d1bpapsd
Today, it was my great honor to sign a Presidential Memorandum launching the Women’s Global Development and Prosperity Initiative. #WGDP Read more: https://t.co/qr3jevdayp https://t.co/HyIPPm4Q7b
2019 National Prayer Breakfast https://t.co/cKvv3ygOOt
PRESIDENTIAL HARASSMENT! It should never be allowed to happen again!
Democrats at the top are killing the Great State of Virginia. If the three failing pols were Republicans, far stronger action would be taken. Virginia will come back HOME Republican) in 2020!
....The Dems and their committees are going “nuts.” The Republicans never did this to President Obama, there would be no time left to run government. I hear other committee heads will do the same thing. Even stealing people who work at White House! A continuation of Witch Hunt!
So now Congressman Adam Schiff announces, after having found zero Russian Collusion, that he is going to be looking at every aspect of my life, both financial and personal, even though there is no reason to be doing so. Never happened before! Unlimited Presidential Harassment....
https://t.co/tUDYZrc6w0
#SOTUhttps://t.co/kL6SoClx4K
Looking forward to tonight! #SOTU https://t.co/lGKkZeaxUZ
Melania and I send our greetings to those celebrating the Lunar New Year. Today, people across the United States and around the world mark the beginning of the Lunar New Year with spectacular fireworks displays, joyful festivals, and family gatherings...https://t.co/yM6qZng5m0
I see Schumer is already criticizing my State of the Union speech, even though he hasn’t seen it yet. He’s just upset that he didn’t win the Senate, after spending a fortune, like he thought he would. Too bad we weren’t given more credit for the Senate win by the media!
Tremendous numbers of people are coming up through Mexico in the hopes of flooding our Southern Border. We have sent additional military. We will build a Human Wall if necessary. If we had a real Wall, this would be a non-event!
I am pleased to announce that David Bernhardt, Acting Secretary of the Interior, will be nominated as Secretary of the Interior. David has done a fantastic job from the day he arrived, and we look forward to having his nomination officially confirmed!
With Caravans marching through Mexico and toward our Country, Republicans must be prepared to do whatever is necessary for STRONG Border Security. Dems do nothing. If there is no Wall, there is no Security. Human Trafficking, Drugs and Criminals of all dimensions - KEEP OUT!
With Caravans marching through Mexico and toward our Country, Republicans must be prepared to do whatever is necessary for STRONG Border Security. Dems do nothing. If there is no Wall, there is no Security. Human Trafficking, Drugs and Criminals of all dimensionns - KEEP OUT!
Everyone is asking how Tiger played yesterday. The answer is Great! He was long, straight &amp; putted fantastically well. He shot a 64. Tiger is back &amp; will be winning Majors again! Not surprisingly, Jack also played really well. His putting is amazing! Jack &amp; Tiger like each other.
I will be interviewed Sunday morning on @FaceTheNation and prior to the Super Bowl on @CBS at 3:30 P.M. Enjoy!
Ed Gillespie, who ran for Governor of the Great State of Virginia against Ralph Northam, must now be thinking Malpractice and Dereliction of Duty with regard to his Opposition Research Staff. If they find that terrible picture before the election, he wins by 20 points!
Democrat Governor Ralph Northam of Virginia just stated, “I believe that I am not either of the people in that photo.” This was 24 hours after apologizing for appearing in the picture and after making the most horrible statement on “super” late term abortion. Unforgivable!
Great morning at Trump National Golf Club in Jupiter, Florida with @JackNicklaus and @TigerWoods! https://t.co/mdPN4yvS8e
National African American History Month is an occasion to rediscover the enduring stories of African Americans and the gifts of freedom, purpose, and opportunity they have bestowed on future generations...https://t.co/n9kf58NruZ
Thank you to Senator Rob Portman and Senator Cory Gardner for the early and warm endorsement. We will ALL WIN in 2020 together!
Great news on Foxconn in Wisconsin after my conversation with Terry Gou! https://t.co/2wtuCdl7TX
JOBS, JOBS, JOBS! https://t.co/29dViqkEV7
Best January for the DOW in over 30 years. We have, by far, the strongest economy in the world!
....after 18 long years. Syria was loaded with ISIS until I came along. We will soon have destroyed 100% of the Caliphate, but will be watching them closely. It is now time to start coming home and, after many years, spending our money wisely. Certain people must get smart!
I inherited a total mess in Syria and Afghanistan, the “Endless Wars” of unlimited spending and death. During my campaign I said, very strongly, that these wars must finally end. We spend $50 Billion a year in Afghanistan and have hit them so hard that we are now talking peace...
This Witch Hunt must end! https://t.co/3og7H4uUw2
Nellie Ohr, the wife of DOJ official Bruce Ohr, was long ago investigating for pay (GPS Fusion) members of my family, feeding it to her husband who was then giving it to the FBI, even though it was created by ousted &amp; discredited Christopher Steele. Illegal! WITCH HUNT
Just out: The big deal, very mysterious Don jr telephone calls, after the innocent Trump Tower meeting, that the media &amp; Dems said were made to his father (me), were just conclusively found NOT to be made to me. They were made to friends &amp; business associates of Don. Really sad!
Our great U.S. Border Patrol Agents made the biggest Fentanyl bust in our Country’s history. Thanks, as always, for a job well done!
....I would suggest you read the COMPLETE testimony from Tuesday. A false narrative is so bad for our Country. I value our intelligence community. Happily, we had a very good meeting, and we are all on the same page!
Just concluded a great meeting with my Intel team in the Oval Office who told me that what they said on Tuesday at the Senate Hearing was mischaracterized by the media - and we are very much in agreement on Iran, ISIS, North Korea, etc. Their testimony was distorted press.... https://t.co/Zl5aqBmpjF
https://t.co/6wK5He4pk5
Very sadly, Murder cases in Mexico in 2018 rose 33% from 2017, to 33,341. This is a big contributor to the Humanitarian Crisis taking place on our Southern Border and then spreading throughout our Country. Worse even than Afghanistan. Much caused by DRUGS. Wall is being built!
Schumer and the Democrats are big fans of being weak and passive with Iran. They have no clue as to the danger they would be inflicting on our Country. Iran is in financial chaos now because of the sanctions and Iran Deal termination. Dems put us in a bad place - but now good!
Looking for China to open their Markets not only to Financial Services, which they are now doing, but also to our Manufacturing, Farmers and other U.S. businesses and industries. Without this a deal would be unacceptable!
More troops being sent to the Southern Border to stop the attempted Invasion of Illegals, through large Caravans, into our Country. We have stopped the previous Caravans, and we will stop these also. With a Wall it would be soooo much easier and less expensive. Being Built!
Democrats are becoming the Party of late term abortion, high taxes, Open Borders and Crime!
Republicans on the Homeland Security Committee are wasting their time. Democrats, despite all of the evidence, proof and Caravans coming, are not going to give money to build the DESPERATELY needed WALL. I’ve got you covered. Wall is already being built, I don’t expect much help!
....China’s representatives and I are trying to do a complete deal, leaving NOTHING unresolved on the table. All of the many problems are being discussed and will be hopefully resolved. Tariffs on China increase to 25% on March 1st, so all working hard to complete by that date!
....meeting with their top leaders and representatives today in the Oval Office. No final deal will be made until my friend President Xi, and I, meet in the near future to discuss and agree on some of the long standing and more difficult points. Very comprehensive transaction....
China’s top trade negotiators are in the U.S. meeting with our representatives. Meetings are going well with good intent and spirit on both sides. China does not want an increase in Tariffs and feels they will do much better if they make a deal. They are correct. I will be......
With Murders up 33% in Mexico, a record, why wouldn’t any sane person want to build a Wall! Construction has started and will not stop until it is finished. @LouDobbs @foxandfriends
Very sadly, Murder cases in Mexico in 2018 rose 33% from 2017, to 33,341. This is a big contributor to the Humanitarian Crises taking place on our Southern Border and then spreading throughout our Country. Worse even than Afghanistan. Much caused by DRUGS. Wall is being built!
Lets just call them WALLS from now on and stop playing political games! A WALL is a WALL!
Large sections of WALL have already been built with much more either under construction or ready to go. Renovation of existing WALLS is also a very big part of the plan to finally, after many decades, properly Secure Our Border. The Wall is getting done one way or the other!
So great to watch &amp; listen to all these people who write books &amp; talk about my presidential campaign and so many others things related to winning, and how I should be doing “IT.” As I take it all in, I then sit back, look around, &amp; say “gee, I’m in the White House, &amp; they’re not!
Spoke today with Venezuelan Interim President Juan Guaido to congratulate him on his historic assumption of the presidency and reinforced strong United States support for Venezuela’s fight to regain its democracy....
....Large protests all across Venezuela today against Maduro. The fight for freedom has begun!
Dow just broke 25,000. Tremendous news!
....a source of potential danger and conflict. They are testing Rockets (last week) and more, and are coming very close to the edge. There economy is now crashing, which is the only thing holding them back. Be careful of Iran. Perhaps Intelligence should go back to school!
The Intelligence people seem to be extremely passive and naive when it comes to the dangers of Iran. They are wrong! When I became President Iran was making trouble all over the Middle East, and beyond. Since ending the terrible Iran Nuclear Deal, they are MUCH different, but....
“Three separate caravans marching to our Border. The numbers are tremendous.” @foxandfriends
If the committee of Republicans and Democrats now meeting on Border Security is not discussing or contemplating a Wall or Physical Barrier, they are Wasting their time!
...Time will tell what will happen with North Korea, but at the end of the previous administration, relationship was horrendous and very bad things were about to happen. Now a whole different story. I look forward to seeing Kim Jong Un shortly. Progress being made-big difference!
....Fighting continues but the people of Afghanistan want peace in this never ending war. We will soon see if talks will be successful? North Korea relationship is best it has ever been with U.S. No testing, getting remains, hostages returned. Decent chance of Denuclearization...
When I became President, ISIS was out of control in Syria &amp; running rampant. Since then tremendous progress made, especially over last 5 weeks. Caliphate will soon be destroyed, unthinkable two years ago. Negotiating are proceeding well in Afghanistan after 18 years of fighting..
Maduro willing to negotiate with opposition in Venezuela following U.S. sanctions and the cutting off of oil revenues. Guaido is being targeted by Venezuelan Supreme Court. Massive protest expected today. Americans should not travel to Venezuela until further notice.
“Our economy, right now, is the Gold Standard throughout the World.” @IngrahamAngle  So true, and not even close!
A low level staffer that I hardly knew named Cliff Sims wrote yet another boring book based on made up stories and fiction. He pretended to be an insider when in fact he was nothing more than a gofer. He signed a non-disclosure agreement. He is a mess!
How does Da Nang Dick (Blumenthal) serve on the Senate Judiciary Committee when he defrauded the American people about his so called War Hero status in Vietnam, only to later admit, with tears pouring down his face, that he was never in Vietnam. An embarrassment to our Country!
In the beautiful Midwest, windchill temperatures are reaching minus 60 degrees, the coldest ever recorded. In coming days, expected to get even colder. People can’t last outside even for minutes. What the hell is going on with Global Waming? Please come back fast, we need you!
“In the Media’s effort to destroy the President, they are actually destroying themselves. Given all of the tremendous headwinds this President has faced, it’s amazing he has accomplished so much.” DEROY MURDOCK @foxandfriends  I agree!
Howard Schultz doesn’t have the “guts” to run for President! Watched him on @60Minutes last night and I agree with him that he is not the “smartest person.” Besides, America already has that! I only hope that Starbucks is still paying me their rent in Trump Tower!
Numerous states introducing Bible Literacy classes, giving students the option of studying the Bible. Starting to make a turn back? Great!
Tariffs on the “dumping” of Steel in the United States have totally revived our Steel Industry. New and expanded plants are happening all over the U.S. We have not only saved this important industry, but created many jobs. Also, billions paid to our treasury. A BIG WIN FOR U.S.
After all that I have done for the Military, our great Veterans, Judges (99), Justices (2), Tax &amp; Regulation Cuts, the Economy, Energy, Trade &amp; MUCH MORE, does anybody really think I won’t build the WALL? Done more in first two years than any President! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Never thought I’d say this but I think @johnrobertsFox and @GillianHTurner @FoxNews have even less understanding of the Wall negotiations than the folks at FAKE NEWS CNN &amp; NBC! Look to final results! Don’t know how my poll numbers are so good, especially up 19% with Hispanics?
Never thought I’d say this but I think @johnrobertsFox and @JillianTurner @FoxNews have even less understanding of the Wall negotiations than the folks at FAKE NEWS CNN &amp; NBC! Look to final results! Don’t know how my poll numbers are so good, especially up 19% with Hispanics?
BUILD A WALL &amp; CRIME WILL FALL! https://t.co/yDdCG5DCxn
#HolocaustMemorialDayhttps://t.co/zBQjfUOdtj https://t.co/hgTBGoECUU
Thank you to Brit. This is a very big deal in Europe. Fake News is the Enemy of the People! https://t.co/WX0o8gaiMC
Jens Stoltenberg, NATO Secretary General, just stated that because of me NATO has been able to raise far more money than ever before from its members after many years of decline. It’s called burden sharing. Also, more united. Dems &amp; Fake News like to portray the opposite!
We are not even into February and the cost of illegal immigration so far this year is $18,959,495,168. Cost Friday was $603,331,392. There are at least 25,772,342 illegal aliens, not the 11,000,000 that have been reported for years, in our Country. So ridiculous! DHS
58,000 non-citizens voted in Texas, with 95,000 non-citizens registered to vote. These numbers are just the tip of the iceberg. All over the country, especially in California, voter fraud is rampant. Must be stopped. Strong voter ID! @foxandfriends
WITCH HUNT!
....about all of the one sided Fake Media coverage (collusion with Crooked H?) that I had to endure during my very successful presidential campaign. What about the now revealed bias by Facebook and many others. Roger Stone didn’t even work for me anywhere near the Election!
CBS reports that in the Roger Stone indictment, data was “released during the 2016 Election to damage Hillary Clinton.” Oh really! What about the Fake and Unverified “Dossier,” a total phony conjob, that was paid for by Crooked Hillary to damage me and the Trump Campaign? What...
“Ax falls quickly at BuzzFeed and Huffpost!” Headline, New York Post. Fake News and bad journalism have caused a big downturn. Sadly, many others will follow. The people want the Truth!
Only fools, or people with a political agenda, don’t want a Wall or Steel Barrier to protect our Country from Crime, Drugs and Human Trafficking. It will happen - it always does!
BUILD A WALL &amp; CRIME WILL FALL! https://t.co/a0G7GWi74k
“We absolutely need a physical barrier or Wall, whatever you want to call it. The President yesterday laid all that out. We need to do it all, including the Wall. I provided the same information to the previous administration, &amp; it was ignored.” Mark Morgan, Border Chief for “O”!
Thank you to the Republican National Committee, (the RNC), who voted UNANIMOUSLY yesterday to support me in the upcoming 2020 Election. Considering that we have done more than any Administration in the first two years, this should be easy. More great things now in the works!
We have turned away, at great expense, two major Caravans, but a big one has now formed and is coming. At least 8000 people! If we had a powerful Wall, they wouldn’t even try to make the long and dangerous journey. Build the Wall and Crime will Fall!
21 days goes very quickly. Negotiations with Democrats will start immediately. Will not be easy to make a deal, both parties very dug in. The case for National Security has been greatly enhanced by what has been happening at the Border &amp; through dialogue. We will build the Wall!
“I like the fact that the President is making the case (Border Security &amp; Crime) to the American people. Now we know where Nancy Pelosi, Chuck Schumer &amp; the Democrats stand, which is no Border Security. Will be big 2020 issue.” Matt Schlapp, Chair, ACU. Bigger than anyone knows!
If Roger Stone was indicted for lying to Congress, what about the lying done by Comey, Brennan, Clapper, Lisa Page &amp; lover, Baker and soooo many others? What about Hillary to FBI and her 33,000 deleted Emails? What about Lisa &amp; Peter’s deleted texts &amp; Wiener’s laptop? Much more!
I wish people would read or listen to my words on the Border Wall. This was in no way a concession. It was taking care of millions of people who were getting badly hurt by the Shutdown with the understanding that in 21 days, if no deal is done, it’s off to the races!
https://t.co/RUFlgMxOUq
Greatest Witch Hunt in the History of our Country! NO COLLUSION! Border Coyotes, Drug Dealers and Human Traffickers are treated better. Who alerted CNN to be there?
A third rate conman who interviewed me many years ago for just a short period of time has been playing his biggest con of all on Fake News CNN. Michael D’Antonio, a broken down hack who knows nothing about me, goes on night after night telling made up Trump stories. Disgraceful!
Great earnings coming out of Stock Market. Too bad Media doesn’t devote much time to this!
Nancy just said she “just doesn’t understand why?” Very simply, without a Wall it all doesn’t work. Our Country has a chance to greatly reduce Crime, Human Trafficking, Gangs and Drugs. Should have been done for decades. We will not Cave!
Without a Wall there cannot be safety and security at the Border or for the U.S.A. BUILD THE WALL AND CRIME WILL FALL!
...back home where they belong, no more Rockets or M’s being fired over Japan or anywhere else and, most importantly, no Nuclear Testing. This is more than has ever been accomplished with North Korea, and the Fake News knows it. I expect another good meeting soon, much potential!
The Fake News Media loves saying “so little happened at my first summit with Kim Jong Un.” Wrong! After 40 years of doing nothing with North Korea but being taken to the cleaners, &amp; with a major war ready to start, in a short 15 months, relationships built, hostages &amp; remains....
So interesting that bad lawyer Michael Cohen, who sadly will not be testifying before Congress, is using the lawyer of Crooked Hillary Clinton to represent him - Gee, how did that happen? Remember July 4th weekend when Crooked went before FBI &amp; wasn’t sworn in, no tape, nothing?
The economy is doing great. More people working in U.S.A. today than at any time in our HISTORY. Media barely covers! @foxandfriends
“This is everything FDR dreamed about, the New Deal to put America back to work. Think of LBJ, he gave people food stamps &amp; welfare. Donald Trump’s giving them a job. He’s got a lot of good things to talk about. News stories do not accurately cover him, should correct.” @DougWead
A great new book just out, “Game of Thorns,” by Doug Wead, Presidential Historian and best selling author. The book covers the campaign of 2016, and what could be more exciting than that?
....alternative venue for the SOTU Address because there is no venue that can compete with the history, tradition and importance of the House Chamber. I look forward to giving a “great” State of the Union Address in the near future!
As the Shutdown was going on, Nancy Pelosi asked me to give the State of the Union Address. I agreed. She then changed her mind because of the Shutdown, suggesting a later date. This is her prerogative - I will do the Address when the Shutdown is over. I am not looking for an....
“The Historic Results of President Donald J. Trump’s First Two Years in Office” https://t.co/AFnWWiLlCa
Even Trump Haters like (MS)NBC acknowledge you “BUILD A WALL &amp; CRIME WILL FALL!” https://t.co/bKIgmHUW5P
The citizens of Venezuela have suffered for too long at the hands of the illegitimate Maduro regime. Today, I have officially recognized the President of the Venezuelan National Assembly, Juan Guaido, as the Interim President of Venezuela. https://t.co/WItWPiG9jK
BUILD A WALL &amp; CRIME WILL FALL!
BUILD A WALL &amp; CRIME WILL FALL! This is the new theme, for two years until the Wall is finished (under construction now), of the Republican Party. Use it and pray!
Great unity in the Republican Party. Want to, once and for all, put an end to stoppable crime and drugs! Border Security and Wall. No doubt!
Deroy Murdock, National Review: “We are now exporting oil, which is the first time in my lifetime - we are right now the largest producer of oil and gas. This is not good if you’re Vladimir Putin where your chief export is oil. W.H. Agent - Not good for Kremlin.” @TuckerCarlson
Congratulations to Mariano Rivera on unanimously being elected to the National Baseball Hall of Fame! Not only a great player but a great person. I am thankful for Mariano’s support of the Opioid Drug Abuse Commission and @FitnessGov. #EnterSandman #HOF2019?? https://t.co/reU1gKWHSQ
...big Crooked Hillary law firm, represented by her lawyer Michael Sussmann (do you believe this?) who worked Baker hard &amp; gave him Oppo Research for “a Russia probe.” This meeting, now exposed, is the subject of Senate inquiries and much more. An Unconstitutional Hoax. @FoxNews
Former FBI top lawyer James Baker just admitted involvement in FISA Warrant and further admitted there  were IRREGULARITIES in the way the Russia probe was handled. They relied heavily on the unverified Trump “Dossier” paid for by the DNC &amp; Clinton Campaign, &amp; funded through a...
The reason Sarah Sanders does not go to the “podium” much anymore is that the press covers her so rudely &amp; inaccurately, in particular certain members of the press. I told her not to bother, the word gets out anyway! Most will never cover us fairly &amp; hence, the term, Fake News!
The United States has a great economic story to tell. Number one in the World, by far!
Last time I went to Davos, the Fake News said I should not go there. This year, because of the Shutdown, I decided not to go, and the Fake News said I should be there. The fact is that the people understand the media better than the media understands them!
Never seen @senatemajldr and Republicans so united on an issue as they are on the Humanitarian Crisis &amp; Security on our Southern Border. If we create a Wall or Barrier which prevents Criminals and Drugs from flowing into our Country, Crime will go down by record numbers!
Marist/NPR/PBS Poll shows President Trump’s approval rating among Latinos going to 50%, an increase in one year of 19%. Thank you, working hard!
FBI top lawyer confirms “unusual steps.” They relied on the Clinton Campaign’s Fake &amp; Unverified “Dossier,” which is illegal. “That has corrupted them. That has enabled them to gather evidence by UNCONSTITUTIONAL MEANS, and that’s what they did to the President.” Judge Napolitano
Without a Wall our Country can never have Border or National Security. With a powerful Wall or Steel Barrier, Crime Rates (and Drugs) will go substantially down all over the U.S. The Dems know this but want to play political games. Must finally be done correctly. No Cave!
“The Democrats are playing politics with Border Security.”  @foxandfriends
Nick Sandmann and the students of Covington have become symbols of Fake News and how evil it can be. They have captivated the attention of the world, and I know they will use it for the good - maybe even to bring people together. It started off unpleasant, but can end in a dream!
Looking like Nick Sandman &amp; Covington Catholic students were treated unfairly with early judgements proving out to be false - smeared by media. Not good, but making big comeback! “New footage shows that media was wrong about teen’s encounter with Native American” @TuckerCarlson
Democrats are kidding themselves (they don’t really believe it!) if they say you can stop Crime, Drugs, Human Trafficking and Caravans without a Wall or Steel Barrier. Stop playing games and give America the Security it deserves. A Humanitarian Crisis!
Four people in Nevada viciously robbed and killed by an illegal immigrant who should not have been in our Country. 26 people killed on the Border in a drug and gang related fight. Two large Caravans from Honduras broke into Mexico and are headed our way. We need a powerful Wall!
If Nancy Pelosi thinks that Walls are “immoral,” why isn’t she requesting that we take down all of the existing Walls between the U.S. and Mexico, even the new ones just built in San Diego at their very strong urging. Let millions of unchecked “strangers” just flow into the U.S.
China posts slowest economic numbers since 1990 due to U.S. trade tensions and new policies. Makes so much sense for China to finally do a Real Deal, and stop playing around!
Today, it was my great honor to visit the Martin Luther King Jr. Memorial with @VP Mike Pence, in honor of #MLKDay https://t.co/YsDEA3kygd
Democrats campaigned on working within Washington and “getting things done!” How is that working out? #2020TAKEBACKTHEHOUSE
Today we celebrate Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. for standing up for the self-evident truth Americans hold so dear, that no matter what the color of our skin or the place of our birth, we are all created equal by God. #MLKDay https://t.co/pEaVpCB8M4
Last year was the best year for American Manufacturing job growth since 1997, or 21 years. The previous administration said manufacturing will not come back to the U.S., “you would need a magic wand.” I guess I found the MAGIC WAND - and it is only getting better!
“No President in modern times has kept more promises than Donald Trump!” Thank you Bill Bennett @SteveHiltonx
Curt Schilling deserves to be in the Baseball Hall of Fame. Great record, especially when under pressure and when it mattered most. Do what everyone in Baseball knows is right! @marklevinshow
Congratulations to Bob Kraft, Bill Belichick, Tom Brady and the entire New England Patriots team on a great game and season. Will be a fantastic Super Bowl!
To all of the great people who are working so hard for your Country and not getting paid I say, THANK YOU - YOU ARE GREAT PATRIOTS! We must now work together, after decades of abuse, to finally fix the Humanitarian, Criminal &amp; Drug Crisis at our Border. WE WILL WIN BIG!
A truly great First Lady who doesn’t get the credit she deserves! https://t.co/Wc9bYtoLKq
Thanks James! https://t.co/iTdCEEiiRv
Will do a fantastic job! https://t.co/YkcenJhzsK
https://t.co/yQkCrpooIT
The Media is not giving us credit for the tremendous progress we have made with North Korea. Think of where we were at the end of the Obama Administration compared to now. Great meeting this week with top Reps. Looking forward to meeting with Chairman Kim at end of February!
Thank you David! https://t.co/zsmNfTjEDR
Don’t forget, we are building and renovating big sections of Wall right now. Moving quickly, and will cost far less than previous politicians thought possible. Building, after all, is what I do best, even when money is not readily available!
Wow, just heard that my poll numbers with Hispanics has gone up 19%, to 50%. That is because they know the Border issue better than anyone, and they want Security, which can only be gotten with a Wall.
Nancy, I am still thinking about the State of the Union speech, there are so many options - including doing it as per your written offer (made during the Shutdown, security is no problem), and my written acceptance. While a contract is a contract, I’ll get back to you soon!
Nancy Pelosi has behaved so irrationally &amp; has gone so far to the left that she has now officially become a Radical Democrat. She is so petrified of the “lefties” in her party that she has lost control...And by the way, clean up the streets in San Francisco, they are disgusting!
No, Amnesty is not a part of my offer. It is a 3 year extension of DACA. Amnesty will be used only on a much bigger deal, whether on immigration or something else. Likewise there will be no big push to remove the 11,000,000 plus people who are here illegally-but be careful Nancy!
Nancy Pelosi and some of the Democrats turned down my offer yesterday before I even got up to speak. They don’t see crime &amp; drugs, they only see 2020 - which they are not going to win. Best economy! They should do the right thing for the Country &amp; allow people to go back to work.
Be careful and try staying in your house. Large parts of the Country are suffering from  tremendous amounts of snow and near record setting cold. Amazing how big this system is. Wouldn’t be bad to have a little of that good old fashioned Global Warming right now!
Always heard that as President, “it’s all about the economy!” Well, we have one of the best economies in the history of our Country. Big GDP, lowest unemployment, companies coming back to the U.S. in BIG numbers, great new trade deals happening, &amp; more. But LITTLE media mention!
https://t.co/bJ81QkOObW
I will be live from the White House at 4:00 P.M.
Mexico is doing NOTHING to stop the Caravan which is now fully formed and heading to the United States. We stopped the last two - many are still in Mexico but can’t get through our Wall, but it takes a lot of Border Agents if there is no Wall. Not easy!
Many people are saying that the Mainstream Media will have a very hard time restoring credibility because of the way they have treated me over the past 3 years (including the election lead-up), as highlighted by the disgraceful Buzzfeed story &amp; the even more disgraceful coverage!
The Economy is one of the best in our history, with unemployment at a 50 year low, and the Stock Market ready to again break a record (set by us many times) - &amp; all you heard yesterday, based on a phony story, was Impeachment. You want to see a Stock Market Crash, Impeach Trump!
.@newtgingrich just stated that there has been no president since Abraham Lincoln who has been treated worse or more unfairly by the media than your favorite President, me! At the same time there has been no president who has accomplished more in his first two years in office!
Will be leaving for Dover to be with the families of 4 very special people who lost their lives in service to our Country!
Fake News is truly the ENEMY OF THE PEOPLE!
Remember it was Buzzfeed that released the totally discredited “Dossier,” paid for by Crooked Hillary Clinton and the Democrats (as opposition research), on which the entire Russian probe is based! A very sad day for journalism, but a great day for our Country!
https://t.co/wjqVvTqeky
Just a son who loves his Dad. Nice! https://t.co/ZI4012Ld7S
I will be making a major announcement concerning the Humanitarian Crisis on our Southern Border, and the Shutdown, tomorrow afternoon at 3 P.M., live from the @WhiteHouse.
https://t.co/6xciJ0ubp0
AMERICA FIRST!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Never seen the Republican Party so unified. No “Cave” on the issue of Border and National Security. A beautiful thing to see, especially when you hear the new rhetoric spewing from the mouths of the Democrats who talk Open Border, High Taxes and Crime. Stop Criminals &amp; Drugs now!
Kevin Corke, @FoxNews “Don’t forget, Michael Cohen has already been convicted of perjury and fraud, and as recently as this week, the Wall Street Journal has suggested that he may have stolen tens of thousands of dollars....”  Lying to reduce his jail time! Watch father-in-law!
Another big Caravan heading our way. Very hard to stop without a Wall!
“It’s the Democrats keeping everything closed.” @JimInhofe  So true!
Why would Nancy Pelosi leave the Country with other Democrats on a seven day excursion when 800,000 great people are not getting paid. Also, could somebody please explain to Nancy &amp; her “big donors” in wine country that people working on farms (grapes) will have easy access in!
Border rancher: “We’ve found prayer rugs out here. It’s unreal.”  Washington Examiner   People coming across the Southern Border from many countries, some of which would be a big surprise.
Gregg Jarrett: “Mueller’s prosecutors knew the “Dossier” was the product of bias and deception.” It was a Fake, just like so much news coverage in our Country. Nothing but a Witch Hunt, from beginning to end!
“In 2018 alone, 20,000 illegal aliens with criminal records were apprehended trying to cross the Border, and there was a 122% increase in fentanyl being smuggled between ports of entry. Last month alone, more than 20,000 minors were smuggled into the U.S.” @seanhannity
Thank you to Amy Kremer, Women for Trump Co-Founder, for doing such a great interview with Martha MacCallum...and by the way, women have the lowest unemployment numbers in many decades - at the highest pay ever. Proud of that!
So funny to watch Schumer groveling. He called for the firing of bad cop James Comey many times - UNTIL I FIRED HIM!
The Left has become totally unhinged. They no longer care what is Right for our Countrty!
It is becoming more and more obvious that the Radical Democrats are a Party of open borders and crime. They want nothing to do with the major Humanitarian Crisis on our Southern Border. #2020!
There are now 77 major or significant Walls built around the world, with 45 countries planning or building Walls. Over 800 miles of Walls have been built in Europe since only 2015. They have all been recognized as close to 100% successful. Stop the crime at our Southern Border!
Great being with the National Champion Clemson Tigers last night at the White House. Because of the Shutdown I served them massive amounts of Fast Food (I paid), over 1000 hamburgers etc. Within one hour, it was all gone. Great guys and big eaters!
Congratulations @ClemsonFB! https://t.co/w8viax0OWY
Why is Nancy Pelosi getting paid when people who are working are not?
Great being with the National Champion Clemson Tigers last night at the White House. Because of the Shutdown I served them massive amounts of Fast Food (I paid), over 1000 hamberders etc. Within one hour, it was all gone. Great guys and big eaters!
Polls are now showing that people are beginning to understand the Humanitarian Crisis and Crime at the Border. Numbers are going up fast, over 50%. Democrats will soon be known as the Party of Crime. Ridiculous that they don’t want Border Security!
A big new Caravan is heading up to our Southern Border from Honduras. Tell Nancy and Chuck that a drone flying around will not stop them. Only a Wall will work. Only a Wall, or Steel Barrier, will keep our Country safe! Stop playing political games and end the Shutdown!
Volkswagen will be spending 800 million dollars in Chattanooga, Tennessee. They will be making Electric Cars. Congratulations to Chattanooga and Tennessee on a job well done. A big win!
Just announced that Veterans unemployment has reached an 18 year low, really good news for our Vets and their families. Will soon be an all time low! Do you think the media will report on this and all of the other great economic news?
The rank and file of the FBI are great people who are disgusted with what they are learning about Lyin’ James Comey and the so-called “leaders” of the FBI. Twelve have been fired or forced to leave. They got caught spying on my campaign and then called it an investigation. Bad!
....I am doing exactly what I pledged to do, and what I was elected to do by the citizens of our great Country. Just as I promised, I am fighting for YOU!
For decades, politicians promised to secure the border, fix our trade deals, bring back our factories, get tough on China, move the Embassy to Jerusalem, make NATO pay their fair share, and so much else - only to do NOTHING (or worse)....
Spoke w/ President Erdogan of Turkey to advise where we stand on all matters including our last two weeks of success in fighting the remnants of ISIS, and 20 mile safe zone. Also spoke about economic development between the U.S. &amp; Turkey - great potential to substantially expand!
Getting ready to go on stage at the #AFBF100 in New Orleans - packed house! I will try and match the great game played yesterday by the New Orleans Saints and their incredible QB, Drew Brees. People here are very excited by the team. Going on stage now! https://t.co/ytZv0HLYun
https://t.co/w5X8jqvtiS
The Fake News gets crazier and more dishonest every single day. Amazing to watch as certain people covering me, and the tremendous success of this administration, have truly gone MAD! Their Fake reporting creates anger and disunity. Take two weeks off and come back rested. Chill!
“Dems in Puerto Rico as Shutdown hits day 24.” @foxandfriends
Getting ready to address the Farm Convention today in Nashville, Tennessee. Love our farmers, love Tennessee - a great combination! See you in a little while.
Nancy and Cryin’ Chuck can end the Shutdown in 15 minutes. At this point it has become their, and the Democrats, fault!
I’ve been waiting all weekend. Democrats must get to work now. Border must be secured!
“Gas prices drop across the United States because President Trump has deregulated Energy and we are now  producing a great deal more oil than ever before.” @foxandfriends  But this is bad news for Russia, why would President Trump do such a thing? Thought he worked for Kremlin?
....Border is eventually going to be militarized and defended or the United States, as we have known it, is going to cease to exist...And Americans will not go gentle into that good night. Patrick Buchanan.  The great people of our Country demand proper Border Security NOW!
The Trump portrait of an unsustainable Border Crisis is dead on. “In the last two years, ICE officers made 266,000 arrests of aliens with Criminal Records, including those charged or convicted of 100,000 assaults, 30,000 sex crimes &amp; 4000 violent killings.” America’s Southern....
Best line in the Elizabeth Warren beer catastrophe is, to her husband, “Thank you for being here. I’m glad you’re here” It’s their house, he’s supposed to be there!
If Elizabeth Warren, often referred to by me as Pocahontas, did this commercial from Bighorn or Wounded Knee instead of her kitchen, with her husband dressed in full Indian garb, it would have been a smash! https://t.co/D5KWr8EPan
If Elizabeth Warren, often referred to by me as Pocahontas did this commercial from Bighorn or Wounded Knee instead of her kitchen, with her husband dressed in full Indian garb, it would have been a smash! https://t.co/paf1CvesBa
So sorry to hear the news about Jeff Bozo being taken down by a competitor whose reporting, I understand, is far more accurate than the reporting in his lobbyist newspaper, the Amazon Washington Post. Hopefully the paper will soon be placed in better &amp; more responsible hands!
....Likewise, do not want the Kurds to provoke Turkey. Russia, Iran and Syria have been the biggest beneficiaries of the long term U.S. policy of destroying ISIS in Syria - natural enemies. We also benefit but it is now time to bring our troops back home. Stop the ENDLESS WARS!
Starting the long overdue pullout from Syria while hitting the little remaining ISIS territorial caliphate hard, and from many directions. Will attack again from existing nearby base if it reforms. Will devastate Turkey economically if they hit Kurds. Create 20 mile safe zone....
Wish I could share with everyone the beauty and majesty of being in the White House and looking outside at the snow filled lawns and Rose Garden. Really is something - SPECIAL COUNTRY, SPECIAL PLACE!
Thousands of illegal aliens who have committed sexual crimes against children are right now in Texas prisons. Most came through our Southern Border. We can end this easily - We need a Steel Barrier or Wall. Walls Work! John Jones, Texas Department of Public Safety.  @FoxNews
The damage done to our Country from a badly broken Border - Drugs, Crime and so much that is bad - is far greater than a Shutdown, which the Dems can easily fix as soon as they come back to Washington!
I’m in the White House, waiting. The Democrats are everywhere but Washington as people await their pay. They are having fun and not even talking!
The building of the Wall on the Southern Border will bring down the crime rate throughout the entire Country!
Democrats are saying that DACA is not worth it and don’t want to include in talks. Many Hispanics will be coming over to the Republican side, watch!
I will be interviewed by Jeanine Pirro at 9:00 P.M. on @FoxNews. Watch @JesseBWatters before and @greggutfeld after. All terrific people. I am in the White House waiting for Cryin’ Chuck and Nancy to call so we can start helping our Country both at the Border and from within!
https://t.co/3IH1yW2eTg
We have a massive Humanitarian Crisis at our Southern Border. We will be out for a long time unless the Democrats come back from their “vacations” and get back to work. I am in the White House ready to sign!
....I do have a plan on the Shutdown. But to understand that plan you would have to understand the fact that I won the election, and I promised safety and security for the American people. Part of that promise was a Wall at the Southern Border. Elections have consequences!
I just watched a Fake reporter from the Amazon Washington Post say the White House is “chaotic, there does not seem to be a strategy for this Shutdown. There is no plan.” The Fakes always like talking Chaos, there is NONE. In fact, there’s almost nobody in the W.H. but me, and...
Democrats could solve the Shutdown in 15 minutes! Call your Dem Senator or Congresswoman/man. Tell them to get it done! Humanitarian Crisis.
23% of Federal inmates are illegal immigrants. Border arrests are up 240%. In the Great State of Texas, between 2011 &amp; 2018, there were a total of 292,000 crimes by illegal aliens, 539 murders, 32,000 assaults, 3,426 sexual assaults and 3000 weapons charges. Democrats come back!
Democrats should come back to Washington and work to end the Shutdown, while at the same time ending the horrible humanitarian crisis at our Southern Border. I am in the White House waiting for you!
Lyin’ James Comey, Andrew McCabe, Peter S and his lover, agent Lisa Page, &amp; more, all disgraced and/or fired and caught in the act. These are just some of the losers that tried to do a number on your President. Part of the Witch Hunt. Remember the “insurance policy?” This is it!
I have been FAR tougher on Russia than Obama, Bush or Clinton. Maybe tougher than any other President. At the same time, &amp; as I have often said, getting along with Russia is a good thing, not a bad thing. I fully expect that someday we will have good relations with Russia again!
.....who is being totally protected by his best friend, Bob Mueller, &amp; the 13 Angry Democrats - leaking machines who have NO interest in going after the Real Collusion (and much more) by Crooked Hillary Clinton, her Campaign, and the Democratic National Committee. Just Watch!
....the FBI was in complete turmoil (see N.Y. Post) because of Comey’s poor leadership and the way he handled the Clinton mess (not to mention his usurpation of powers from the Justice Department). My firing of James Comey was a great day for America. He was a Crooked Cop......
...Funny thing about James Comey. Everybody wanted him fired, Republican and Democrat alike. After the rigged &amp; botched Crooked Hillary investigation, where she was interviewed on July 4th Weekend, not recorded or sworn in, and where she said she didn’t know anything (a lie),....
Wow, just learned in the Failing New York Times that the corrupt former leaders of the FBI, almost all fired or forced to leave the agency for some very bad reasons, opened up an investigation on me, for no reason &amp; with no proof, after I fired Lyin’ James Comey, a total sleaze!
.@CNN called a San Diego news station (@KUSINews) for negative reports on the Wall. When the station said that Walls work, CNN no longer had interest. #FakeNews https://t.co/IDyXqmDsPq
Drug prices declined in 2018, the first time in nearly half a century. During the first 19 months of my Administration, Americans saved $26 Billion on prescription drugs. Our policies to get cheaper generic drugs to market are working!
I look forward to hosting, right out of the great State of South Carolina, the 2019 NCAA Football Champion Clemson Tigers at the White House on Monday, January 14th. What a game, what a coach, what a team!
The Fake News Media keeps saying we haven’t built any NEW WALL. Below is a section just completed on the Border. Anti-climbing feature included. Very high, strong and beautiful! Also, many miles already renovated and in service! https://t.co/UAAGXl5Byr
...The Steel Barrier, or Wall, should have been built by previous administrations long ago. They never got it done - I will. Without it, our Country cannot be safe. Criminals, Gangs, Human Traffickers, Drugs &amp; so much other big trouble can easily pour in. It can be stopped cold!
Humanitarian Crisis at our Southern Border. I just got back and it is a far worse situation than almost anyone would understand, an invasion! I have been there numerous times - The Democrats, Cryin’ Chuck and Nancy don’t know how bad and dangerous it is for our ENTIRE COUNTRY....
H1-B holders in the United States can rest assured that changes are soon coming which will bring both simplicity and certainty to your stay, including a potential path to citizenship. We want to encourage talented and highly skilled people to pursue career options in the U.S.
I often said during rallies, with little variation, that “Mexico will pay for the Wall.” We have just signed a great new Trade Deal with Mexico. It is Billions of Dollars a year better than the very bad NAFTA deal which it replaces. The difference pays for Wall many times over!
When I took the Oath of Office.... https://t.co/GDhIqteKpv
We lose 300 Americans a week, 90% of which comes through the Southern Border. These numbers will be DRASTICALLY REDUCED if we have a Wall!
Will be interviewed at the Border by @seanhannity on @FoxNews tonight at 9:00. Enjoy!
Dear Diary... https://t.co/NAuMaQW6fl
From the Southern Border.... https://t.co/Vgsf5nEZUH
Because of the Democrats intransigence on Border Security and the great importance of Safety for our Nation, I am respectfully cancelling my very important trip to Davos, Switzerland for the World Economic Forum. My warmest regards and apologies to the @WEF!
President Obama, thank you for your great support – I have been saying this all along! https://t.co/L506g9Aq4z
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Getting ready to leave for the Great State of Texas! #MAGA
“Great support for Border Security and the Wall.” @foxandfriends  Even greater than anyone would know! “Presidents supporters do not want him to cave.” @SteveDoocy I won’t!
There is GREAT unity with the Republicans in the House and Senate, despite the Fake News Media working in overdrive to make the story look otherwise. The Opposition Party &amp; the Dems know we must have Strong Border Security, but don’t want to give “Trump” another one of many wins!
Cryin Chuck told his favorite lie when he used his standard sound bite that I “slammed the table &amp; walked out of the room. He had a temper tantrum.” Because I knew he would say that, and after Nancy said no to proper Border Security, I politely said bye-bye and left, no slamming!
Gave an OFF THE RECORD luncheon, somewhat of a White House tradition or custom, to network anchors yesterday - and they quickly leaked the contents of the meeting. Who would believe how bad it has gotten with the mainstream media, which has gone totally bonkers!
The Mainstream Media has NEVER been more dishonest than it is now. NBC and MSNBC are going Crazy. They report stories, purposely, the exact opposite of the facts. They are truly the Opposition Party working with the Dems. May even be worse than Fake News CNN, if that is possible!
Just left a meeting with Chuck and Nancy, a total waste of time. I asked what is going to happen in 30 days if I quickly open things up, are you going to approve Border Security which includes a Wall or Steel Barrier? Nancy said, NO. I said bye-bye, nothing else works!
Thank you to all of America's brave police, deputies, sheriffs, and federal law enforcement on National Law Enforcement Appreciation Day! We love you and will always support you. https://t.co/kGL6kPmpDY
Billions of dollars are sent to the State of California for Forest fires that, with proper Forest Management, would never happen. Unless they get their act together, which is unlikely, I have ordered FEMA to send no more money. It is a disgraceful situation in lives &amp; money!
Billions of dollars are sent to the State of California for Forrest fires that, with proper Forrest Management, would never happen. Unless they get their act together, which is unlikely, I have ordered FEMA to send no more money. It is a disgraceful situation in lives &amp; money!
Our Country is doing so well in so many ways. Great jobs numbers, with a record setting December. We are rebuilding our military. Vets finally have Choice &amp; Accountability. Economy &amp; GDP are strong. Tax &amp; Reg cuts historic. Trade deals great. But we MUST fix our Southern Border!
Thank you for soooo many nice comments regarding my Oval Office speech. A very interesting experience!
https://t.co/Ft6FqQmYfI
Congratulations to a truly great football team, the Clemson Tigers, on an incredible win last night against a powerful Alabama team. A big win also for the Great State of South Carolina. Look forward to seeing the team, and their brilliant coach, for the second time at the W.H.
Talks with China are going very well!
“The President is the biggest and best supporter of the Steel Industry in many years. We are now doing really well. The Tariffs let us compete. Was unfair that the Steel Industry lost its jobs to unfair trade laws. Very positive outcome.” Mark Glyptis, United Steelworkers
Economic numbers looking REALLY good. Can you imagine if I had long term ZERO interest rates to play with like the past administration, rather than the rapidly raised normalized rates we have today. That would have been SO EASY! Still, markets up BIG since 2016 Election!
Endless Wars, especially those which are fought out of judgement mistakes that were made many years ago, &amp; those where we are getting little financial or military help from the rich countries that so greatly benefit from what we are doing, will eventually come to a glorious end!
I am pleased to inform you that I will Address the Nation on the Humanitarian and National Security crisis on our Southern Border. Tuesday night at 9:00 P.M. Eastern.
The Failing New York Times has knowingly written a very inaccurate story on my intentions on Syria. No different from my original statements, we will be leaving at a proper pace while at the same time continuing to fight ISIS and doing all else that is prudent and necessary!.....
Congressman Adam Smith, the new Chairman of the House Armed Services Committee, just stated, “Yes, there is a provision in law that says a president can declare an emergency. It’s been done a number of times.” No doubt, but let’s get our deal done in Congress!
....The Fake News Media in our Country is the real Opposition Party. It is truly the Enemy of the People! We must bring honesty back to journalism and reporting!
...The Fake News will knowingly lie and demean in order make the tremendous success of the Trump Administration, and me, look as bad as possible. They use non-existent sources &amp; write stories that are total fiction. Our Country is doing so well, yet this is a sad day in America!
With all of the success that our Country is having, including the just released jobs numbers which are off the charts, the Fake News &amp; totally dishonest Media concerning me and my presidency has never been worse. Many have become crazed lunatics who have given up on the TRUTH!...
V.P. Mike Pence and group had a productive meeting with the Schumer/Pelosi representatives today. Many details of Border Security were discussed. We are now planning a Steel Barrier rather than concrete. It is both stronger &amp; less obtrusive. Good solution, and made in the U.S.A.
Our GREAT MILITARY has delivered justice for the heroes lost and wounded in the cowardly attack on the USS Cole. We have just killed the leader of that attack, Jamal al-Badawi. Our work against al Qaeda continues. We will never stop in our fight against Radical Islamic Terrorism!
Excited to see our friends in Egypt opening the biggest Cathedral in the Middle East. President El-Sisi is moving his country to a more inclusive future!
....The only reason they do not want to build a Wall is that Walls Work! 99% of our illegal Border crossings will end, crime in our Country will go way down and we will save billions of dollars a year! A properly planned and constructed Wall will pay for itself many times a year!
“We simply cannot allow people to pour into the United States undetected, undocumented, unchecked...” Barrack Obama, 2005. I voted, when I was a Senator, to build a barrier to try to prevent illegal immigrants from coming in...” Hillary Clinton, 2015.
https://t.co/iSFAokoIP7
Will be going to Camp David tomorrow morning for meetings on Border Security and many other topics with @WhiteHouse senior staff.
AP-NORC POLL: “Immigration among the top concerns in 2019.” People want to stop drugs and criminals at the Border. Want Border Security! Tell the Dems to do the inevitable now, rather than later. The wait is costly and dangerous!
“The number of employed Americans has now set a 14th record under President Trump. Over the year, average hourly earnings have increased by 84 cents, or 3.2%. Participation Rate hits Trump-Era High.” CNS NEWS.  And we will do even better with new trade deals and all else!
“Jobs up big, plus 312,000. Record number working. Manufacturing best in 20 years (Previous administration said this could not happen). Hispanic unemployment lowest ever. Dow plus 747 (for day).” @DRUDGE_REPORT
V.P. Mike Pence and team just left the White House. Briefed me on their meeting with the Schumer/Pelosi representatives. Not much headway made today. Second meeting set for tomorrow. After so many decades, must finally and permanently fix the problems on the Southern Border!
Drug makers and companies are not living up to their commitments on pricing. Not being fair to the consumer, or to our Country!
“Former @NYTimes editor Jill Abramson rips paper's ‘unmistakably anti-Trump’ bias.”Ms. Abramson is 100% correct. Horrible and totally dishonest reporting on almost everything they write. Hence the term Fake News, Enemy of the People, and Opposition Party!
Great Tweet today by Tyler Q. Houlton @SpoxDHS on the #FakeNews being put out by @CNN, a proud member of the Opposition Party. @TSA is doing a great job!
The Democrats want Billions of Dollars for Foreign Aid, but they don’t want to spend a small fraction of that number on properly securing our Border. Figure that one out!
We are working hard at the Border, but we need a WALL!  In 2018, 1.7 million pounds of narcotics seized, 17,000 adults arrested with criminal records, and 6000 gang members, including MS-13, apprehended. A big Human Trafficking problem.
I don’t care that most of the workers not getting paid are Democrats, I want to stop the Shutdown as soon as we are in agreement on Strong Border Security! I am in the White House ready to go, where are the Dems?
Many people currently a part of my opposition, including President Obama &amp; the Dems, have had campaign violations, in some cases for very large sums of money. These are civil cases. They paid a fine &amp; settled. While no big deal, I did not commit a campaign violation!
The Democrats could solve the Shutdown problem in a very short period of time. All they have to do is approve REAL Border Security (including a Wall), something which everyone, other than drug dealers, human traffickers and criminals, want very badly! This would be so easy to do!
Great support coming from all sides for Border Security (including Wall) on our very dangerous Southern Border. Teams negotiating this weekend! Washington Post and NBC reporting of events, including Fake sources, has been very inaccurate (to put it mildly)!
Thank you to Kanye West for your nice words. Criminal Justice Reform is now law - passed in a very bipartisan way!
Great new book by Dr. Robert Jeffress, “Choosing the Extraordinary Life.” Get it and enjoy!  @LouDobbs
The story in the New York Times regarding Jim Webb being considered as the next Secretary of Defense is FAKE NEWS. I’m sure he is a fine man, but I don’t know Jim, and never met him. Patrick Shanahan, who is Acting Secretary of Defense, is doing a great job!
“Job growth surges by 312,000 in December” https://t.co/FCSwxFZjUF
GREAT JOBS NUMBERS JUST ANNOUNCED!
How do you impeach a president who has won perhaps the greatest election of all time, done nothing wrong (no Collusion with Russia, it was the Dems that Colluded), had the most successful first two years of any president, and is the most popular Republican in party history 93%?
As I have stated many times, if the Democrats take over the House or Senate, there will be disruption to the Financial Markets. We won the Senate, they won the House. Things will settle down. They only want to impeach me because they know they can’t win in 2020, too much success!
....President Trump deserves a lot of credit, but again, you have the anti-Trump people who are not going to give him a lot of credit.”
Michael Pillsbury interviewed by @cvpayne: “They have the motive of making the President look bad – instead of President Trump being portrayed as a HERO. The first President to take China on, it’s 20 years overdue....
https://t.co/jsOrDtwdEa
The RNC has a great Chairwoman in Ronna McDaniel and the @GOP has never been stronger. We achieved historic wins with her help last year! #MAGA????
https://t.co/JzfXMAPwKP
The United States Treasury has taken in MANY billions of dollars from the Tariffs we are charging China and other countries that have not treated us fairly. In the meantime we are doing well in various Trade Negotiations currently going on. At some point this had to be done!
The Shutdown is only because of the 2020 Presidential Election. The Democrats know they can’t win based on all of the achievements of “Trump,” so they are going all out on the desperately needed Wall and Border Security - and Presidential Harassment. For them, strictly politics!
“MAGA list: 205 ‘historic results’ help Trump make case for 2020 re-election” https://t.co/vtqnUwdhjB
Sadly, there can be no REAL Border Security without the Wall!
...I remain ready and willing to work with Democrats to pass a bill that secures our borders, supports the agents and officers on the ground, and keeps America Safe. Let’s get it done!
Important meeting today on Border Security with Republican and Democrat Leaders in Congress. Both parties must work together to pass a Funding Bill that protects this Nation and its people – this is the first and most important duty of government...
Mexico is paying for the Wall through the new USMCA Trade Deal. Much of the Wall has already been fully renovated or built. We have done a lot of work. $5.6 Billion Dollars that House has approved is very little in comparison to the benefits of National Security. Quick payback!
Here we go with Mitt Romney, but so fast! Question will be, is he a Flake?  I hope not. Would much prefer that Mitt focus on Border Security and so many other things where he can be helpful. I won big, and he didn’t. He should be happy for all Republicans. Be a TEAM player &amp; WIN!
For FAR TOO LONG Senate Democrats have been Obstructing more than 350 Nominations. These great Americans left their jobs to serve our Country, but can’t because Dems are blocking them, some for two years-historic record. Passed committees, but Schumer putting them on hold. Bad!
Do you think it’s just luck that gas prices are so low, and falling? Low gas prices are like another Tax Cut!
“Kim Jong Un says North Korea will not make or test nuclear weapons, or give them to others - &amp; he is ready to meet President Trump anytime.” PBS News Hour. I also look forward to meeting with Chairman Kim who realizes so well that North Korea possesses great economic potential!
Washington Examiner - “MAGA list: 205 ‘historic results’ help Trump make case for 2020 re-election.”  True!
Gas prices are low and expected to go down this year. This would be good!
Border Security and the Wall “thing” and Shutdown is not where Nancy Pelosi wanted to start her tenure as Speaker! Let’s make a deal?
Congratulations to President @JairBolsonaro who just made a great inauguration speech - the U.S.A. is with you!
One thing has now been proven. The Democrats do not care about Open Borders and all of the crime and drugs that Open Borders bring!
“General” McChrystal got fired like a dog by Obama. Last assignment a total bust. Known for big, dumb mouth. Hillary lover! https://t.co/RzOkeHl3KV
The Democrats, much as I suspected, have allocated no money for a new Wall. So imaginative! The problem is, without a Wall there can be no real Border Security - and our Country must finally have a Strong and Secure Southern Border!
Happy New Year!
HAPPY NEW YEAR TO EVERYONE, INCLUDING THE HATERS AND THE FAKE NEWS MEDIA! 2019 WILL BE A FANTASTIC YEAR FOR THOSE NOT SUFFERING FROM TRUMP DERANGEMENT SYNDROME. JUST CALM DOWN AND ENJOY THE RIDE, GREAT THINGS ARE HAPPENING FOR OUR COUNTRY!
Dr. Sebastian Gorka, a very good and talented guy, has a great new book just out, “Why We Fight.” Lots of insight - Enjoy!
...Remember this. Throughout the ages some things NEVER get better and NEVER change. You have Walls and you have Wheels. It was ALWAYS that way and it will ALWAYS be that way! Please explain to the Democrats that there can NEVER be a replacement for a good old fashioned WALL!
The Democrats will probably submit a Bill, being cute as always, which gives everything away but gives NOTHING to Border Security, namely the Wall. You see, without the Wall there can be no Border Security - the Tech “stuff” is just, by comparison, meaningless bells &amp; whistles...
MEXICO IS PAYING FOR THE WALL through the many billions of dollars a year that the U.S.A. is saving through the new Trade Deal, the USMCA, that will replace the horrendous NAFTA Trade Deal, which has so badly hurt our Country. Mexico &amp; Canada will also thrive - good for all!
HAPPY NEW YEAR! https://t.co/bHoPDPQ7G6
Heads of countries are calling wanting to know why Senator Schumer is not approving their otherwise approved Ambassadors!? Likewise in Government lawyers and others are being delayed at a record pace! 360 great and hardworking people are waiting for approval from....
....Senator Schumer, more than a year longer than any other Administration in history. These are people who have been approved by committees and all others, yet Schumer continues to hold them back from serving their Country! Very Unfair!
It’s incredible how Democrats can all use their ridiculous sound bite and say that a Wall doesn’t work. It does, and properly built, almost 100%! They say it’s old technology - but so is the wheel. They now say it is immoral- but it is far more immoral for people to be dying!
I’m in the Oval Office. Democrats, come back from vacation now and give us the votes necessary for Border Security, including the Wall. You voted yes in 2006 and 2013. One more yes, but with me in office, I’ll get it built, and Fast!
I’m in the Oval Office. Democrats, come back from vacation now and give us the votes necessary for Border Security, including the Wall. You voted yes in 2006 and 3013. One more yes, but with me in office, I’ll get it built, and Fast!
I am the only person in America who could say that, “I’m bringing our great troops back home, with victory,” and get BAD press. It is Fake News and Pundits who have FAILED for years that are doing the complaining. If I stayed in Endless Wars forever, they would still be unhappy!
I campaigned on Border Security, which you cannot have without a strong and powerful Wall. Our Southern Border has long been an “Open Wound,” where drugs, criminals (including human traffickers) and illegals would pour into our Country. Dems should get back here an fix now!
.....Except the results are FAR BETTER than I ever said they were going to be! I campaigned against the NEVER ENDING WARS, remember!
...I campaigned on getting out of Syria and other places. Now when I start getting out the Fake News Media, or some failed Generals who were unable to do the job before I arrived, like to complain about me &amp; my tactics, which are working. Just doing what I said I was going to do!
If anybody but Donald Trump did what I did in Syria, which was an ISIS loaded mess when I became President, they would be a national hero. ISIS is mostly gone, we’re slowly sending our troops back home to be with their families, while at the same time fighting ISIS remnants......
An all concrete Wall was NEVER ABANDONED, as has been reported by the media. Some areas will be all concrete but the experts at Border Patrol prefer a Wall that is see through (thereby making it possible to see what is happening on both sides). Makes sense to me!
President and Mrs. Obama built/has a ten foot Wall around their D.C. mansion/compound. I agree, totally necessary for their safety and security. The U.S. needs the same thing, slightly larger version!
Great work by my Administration over the holidays to save Coast Guard pay during this #SchumerShutdown. No thanks to the Democrats who left town and are not concerned about the safety and security of Americans!
Veterans on President Trump’s handling of Border Security - 62% Approval Rating. On being a strong leader - 59%.  AP Poll. Thank you!
“It turns out to be true now, that the Department of Justice and the FBI, under President Obama, rigged the investigation for Hillary and really turned the screws on Trump, and now it looks like in a corrupt &amp; illegal way. The facts are out now. Whole Hoax exposed. @JesseBWatters
“Absolutely nothing” (on Russian Collusion). Kimberley Strassel, The Wall Street Journal. The Russian Collusion fabrication is the greatest Hoax in the history of American politics. The only Russian Collusion was with Hillary and the Democrats!
2018 is being called “THE YEAR OF THE WORKER” by Steve Moore, co-author of “Trumponomics.” It was indeed a great year for the American Worker with the “best job market in 50 years, and the lowest unemployment rate ever for blacks and Hispanics and all workers. Big wage gains.”
For those that naively ask why didn’t the Republicans get approval to build the Wall over the last year, it is because IN THE SENATE WE NEED 10 DEMOCRAT VOTES, and they will gives us “NONE” for Border Security! Now we have to do it the hard way, with a Shutdown. Too bad! @FoxNews
...children in question were very sick before they were given over to Border Patrol. The father of the young girl said it was not their fault, he hadn’t given her water in days. Border Patrol needs the Wall and it will all end. They are working so hard &amp; getting so little credit!
Any deaths of children or others at the Border are strictly the fault of the Democrats and their pathetic immigration policies that allow people to make the long trek thinking they can enter our country illegally. They can’t. If we had a Wall, they wouldn’t even try! The two.....
Just had a long and very good call with President Xi of China. Deal is moving along very well. If made, it will be very comprehensive, covering all subjects, areas and points of dispute. Big progress being made!
I am in the White House waiting for the Democrats to come on over and make a deal on Border Security. From what I hear, they are spending so much time on Presidential Harassment that they have little time left for things like stopping crime and our military!
The Mueller Angry Democrats recently deleted approximately 19,000 Text messages between FBI Agent Lisa Page and her lover, Agent Peter S. These Texts were asked for and INVALUABLE to the truth of the Witch Hunt Hoax. This is a total Obstruction of Justice. All Texts Demanded!
Thank you to Sean Parnell for the nice comments on @foxandfriends about the troops wonderful reaction to Melania and I in Iraq and Germany. Great things are happening!
.....Honduras, Guatemala and El Salvador are doing nothing for the United States but taking our money. Word is that a new Caravan is forming in Honduras and they are doing nothing about it. We will be cutting off all aid to these 3 countries - taking advantage of U.S. for years!
.....close the Southern Border. Bring our car industry back into the United States where it belongs. Go back to pre-NAFTA, before so many of our companies and jobs were so foolishly sent to Mexico. Either we build (finish) the Wall or we close the Border......
....The United States looses soooo much money on Trade with Mexico under NAFTA, over 75 Billion Dollars a year (not including Drug Money which would be many times that amount), that I would consider closing the Southern Border a “profit making operation.” We build a Wall or.....
We will be forced to close the Southern Border entirely if the Obstructionist Democrats do not give us the money to finish the Wall &amp; also change the ridiculous immigration laws that our Country is saddled with. Hard to believe there was a Congress &amp; President who would approve!
CNN &amp; others within the Fake News Universe were going wild about my signing MAGA hats for our military in Iraq and Germany. If these brave young people ask me to sign their hat, I will sign. Can you imagine my saying NO? We brought or gave NO hats as the Fake News first reported!
This isn’t about the Wall, everybody knows that a Wall will work perfectly (In Israel the Wall works 99.9%). This is only about the Dems not letting Donald Trump &amp; the Republicans have a win. They may have the 10 Senate votes, but we have the issue, Border Security. 2020!
Brad Blakeman: “The American people understand that we have been played by foreign actors who would rather have us fight their battles for them. The President says look, this is your neighborhood, you’ve got to stand up to protect yourselves. Don’t always look to America.”
Brad Blakeman: “The American people understand that we have been played by foreign actors who would rather have us fight their battles for them. The Pesident says look, this is your neighborhood, you’ve got to stand up to protect yourselves. Don’t always look to America.”
I totally agree! https://t.co/KO8E3bfWfn
There is right now a full scale manhunt going on in California for an illegal immigrant accused of shooting and killing a police officer during a traffic stop. Time to get tough on Border Security. Build the Wall!
“Border Patrol Agents want the Wall.” Democrat’s say they don’t want the Wall (even though they know it is really needed), and they don’t want ICE. They don’t have much to campaign on, do they? An Open Southern Border and the large scale crime that comes with such stupidity!
The reason the DACA for Wall deal didn’t get done was that a ridiculous court decision from the 9th Circuit allowed DACA to remain, thereby setting up a Supreme Court case. After ruling, Dems dropped deal - and that’s where we are today, Democrat obstruction of the needed Wall.
The Democrats OBSTRUCTION of the desperately needed Wall, where they almost all recently agreed it should be built, is exceeded only by their OBSTRUCTION of 350 great people wanting &amp; expecting to come into Government after being delayed for more than two years, a U.S. record!
The reason the DACA for Wall deal didn’t get done was that a ridiculous court decision from the 9th Circuit allowed DACA to remain, thereby setting up a Supteme Court case. After ruling, Dems dropped deal - and that’s where we are today, Democrat obstruction of the needed Wall.
Have the Democrats finally realized that we desperately need Border Security and a Wall on the Southern Border. Need to stop Drugs, Human Trafficking,Gang Members &amp; Criminals from coming into our Country. Do the Dems realize that most of the people not getting paid are Democrats?
Just returned from visiting our troops in Iraq and Germany. One thing is certain, we have incredible people representing our Country - people that know how to win!
.@FLOTUS Melania and I were honored to visit our incredible troops at Al Asad Air Base in Iraq. GOD BLESS THE U.S.A.! https://t.co/rDlhITDvm1
I hope everyone, even the Fake News Media, is having a great Christmas! Our Country is doing very well. We are securing our Borders, making great new Trade Deals, and bringing our Troops Back Home. We are finally putting America First. MERRY CHRISTMAS!  #MAGA
Merry Christmas!
I am in the Oval Office &amp; just gave out a 115 mile long contract for another large section of the Wall in Texas. We are already building and renovating many miles of Wall, some complete. Democrats must end Shutdown and finish funding. Billions of Dollars, &amp; lives, will be saved!
Christmas Eve briefing with my team working on North Korea – Progress being made. Looking forward to my next summit with Chairman Kim! https://t.co/zPTtDbrP0o
I am all alone (poor me) in the White House waiting for the Democrats to come back and make a deal on desperately needed Border Security. At some point the Democrats not wanting to make a deal will cost our Country more money than the Border Wall we are all talking about. Crazy!
Saudi Arabia has now agreed to spend the necessary money needed to help rebuild Syria, instead of the United States. See? Isn’t it nice when immensely wealthy countries help rebuild their neighbors rather than a Great Country, the U.S., that is 5000 miles away. Thanks to Saudi A!
The Wall is different than the 25 Billion Dollars in Border Security. The complete Wall will be built with the Shutdown money plus funds already in hand. The reporting has been inaccurate on the point. The problem is, without the Wall, much of the rest of Dollars are wasted!
I never “lashed out” at the Acting Attorney General of the U.S., a man for whom I have great respect. This is a made up story, one of many, by the Fake News Media!
The only problem our economy has is the Fed. They don’t have a feel for the Market, they don’t understand necessary Trade Wars or Strong Dollars or even Democrat Shutdowns over Borders. The Fed is like a powerful golfer who can’t score because he has no touch - he can’t putt!
AMERICA IS RESPECTED AGAIN!
For all of the sympathizers out there of Brett McGurk remember, he was the Obama appointee who was responsible for loading up airplanes with 1.8 Billion Dollars in CASH &amp;  sending it to Iran as part of the horrific Iran Nuclear Deal (now terminated) approved by Little Bob Corker.
....We are substantially subsidizing the Militaries of many VERY rich countries all over the world, while at the same time these countries take total advantage of the U.S., and our TAXPAYERS, on Trade. General Mattis did not see this as a problem. I DO, and it is being fixed!
To those few Senators who think I don’t like or appreciate being allied with other countries, they are wrong, I DO. What I don’t like, however, is when many of these same countries take advantage of their friendship with the United States, both in Military Protection and Trade...
Virtually every Democrat we are dealing with today strongly supported a Border Wall or Fence. It was only when I made it an important part of my campaign, because people and drugs were pouring into our Country unchecked, that they turned against it. Desperately needed!
President @RT_Erdogan of Turkey has very strongly informed me that he will eradicate whatever is left of ISIS in Syria....and he is a man who can do it plus, Turkey is right “next door.” Our troops are coming home!
“The President has been remarkable. I do not doubt that he will thrive in this new environment, and he will be a constant reminder of what populism is.” Thank you to Tammy Bruce and Steve Hilton. Presidential Harassment has been with me from the beginning!
The most important way to stop gangs, drugs, human trafficking and massive crime is at our Southern Border. We need Border Security, and as EVERYONE knows, you can’t have Border Security without a Wall. The Drones &amp; Technology are just bells and whistles. Safety for America!
Mitch McConnell just told a group of people, and me, that he has been in the U.S. Senate for 32 years and the last two have been by far the best &amp; most productive of his career. Tax &amp; Regulation Cuts, VA Choice, Farm Bill, Criminal Justice Reform, Judgeships &amp; much more. Great!
“It should not be the job of America to replace regimes around the world. This is what President Trump recognized in Iraq, that it was the biggest foreign policy disaster of the last several decades, and he’s right...The generals still don’t get the mistake.”  @RandPaul
Thanks @RandPaul  “I am very proud of the President. This is exactly what he promised, and I think the people agree with him. We’ve been at war too long and in too many places...spent several trillion dollars on these wars everywhere. He’s different...that’s why he got elected.”
.....Bob Corker was responsible for giving us the horrible Iran Nuclear Deal, which I ended, yet he badmouths me for wanting to bring our young people safely back home. Bob wanted to run and asked for my endorsement. I said NO and the game was over. #MAGA I LOVE TENNESSEE!
Senator Bob Corker just stated that, “I’m so priveledged to serve in the Senate for twelve years, and that’s what I told the people of our state that’s what I’d do, serve for two terms.” But that is Not True - wanted to run but poll numbers TANKED when I wouldn’t endorse him.....
We signed two pieces of major legislation this week, Criminal Justice Reform and the Farm Bill. These are two Big Deals, but all the Fake News Media wants to talk about is “the mistake” of bringing our young people back home from the Never Ending Wars. It all began 19 years ago!
Unthinkable devastation from the tsunami disaster in Indonesia. More than two hundred dead and nearly a thousand injured or unaccounted for. We are praying for recovery and healing. America is with you!
I just had a long and productive call with President @RT_Erdogan of Turkey. We discussed ISIS, our mutual involvement in Syria, &amp; the slow &amp; highly coordinated pullout of U.S. troops from the area. After many years they are coming home. We also discussed heavily expanded Trade.
I am pleased to announce that our very talented Deputy Secretary of Defense, Patrick Shanahan, will assume the title of Acting Secretary of Defense starting January 1, 2019. Patrick has a long list of accomplishments while serving as Deputy, &amp; previously Boeing. He will be great!
The only way to stop drugs, gangs, human trafficking, criminal elements and much else from coming into our Country is with a Wall or Barrier. Drones and all of the rest are wonderful and lots of fun, but it is only a good old fashioned Wall that works!
When President Obama ingloriously fired Jim Mattis, I gave him a second chance. Some thought I shouldn’t, I thought I should. Interesting relationship-but I also gave all of the resources that he never really had. Allies are very important-but not when they take advantage of U.S.
If anybody but your favorite President, Donald J. Trump, announced that, after decimating ISIS in Syria, we were going to bring our troops back home (happy &amp; healthy), that person would be the most popular hero in America. With me, hit hard instead by the Fake News Media. Crazy!
Brett McGurk, who I do not know, was appointed by President Obama in 2015. Was supposed to leave in February but he just resigned prior to leaving. Grandstander? The Fake News is making such a big deal about this nothing event!
I will not be going to Florida because of the Shutdown - Staying in the White House!  #MAGA
Senate adjourns until December 27th.
I won an election, said to be one of the greatest of all time, based on getting out of endless &amp; costly foreign wars &amp; also based on Strong Borders which will keep our Country safe. We fight for the borders of other countries, but we won’t fight for the borders of our own!
The crisis of illegal activity at our Southern Border is real and will not stop until we build a great Steel Barrier or Wall. Let work begin!
Will be having lunch in White House residence with large group concerning Border Security.
....going to be there for three months, and that was seven years ago - we never left. When I became President, ISIS was going wild. Now ISIS is largely defeated and other local countries, including Turkey, should be able to easily take care of whatever remains. We’re coming home!
I am in the White House, working hard. News reports concerning the Shutdown and Syria are mostly FAKE. We are negotiating with the Democrats on desperately needed Border Security (Gangs, Drugs, Human Trafficking &amp; more) but it could be a long stay. On Syria, we were originally...
OUR GREAT COUNTRY MUST HAVE BORDER SECURITY! https://t.co/ZGcYygMf3a
Wishing Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg a full and speedy recovery!
Some of the many Bills that I am signing in the Oval Office right now. Cancelled my trip on Air Force One to Florida while we wait to see if the Democrats will help us to protect America’s Southern Border! https://t.co/ws6LYhKcKl
A design of our Steel Slat Barrier which is totally effective while at the same time beautiful! https://t.co/sGltXh0cu9
Today, it was my honor to sign into law H.R. 7213, the “Countering Weapons of Mass Destruction Act of 2018.” The Act redesignates the @DHSgov Domestic Nuclear Detection Office as the Countering Weapons of Mass Destruction Office. Read more: https://t.co/XCkyc8pGZF https://t.co/TTvGxBww5n
Today, it was my great honor to sign the #FirstStepAct - a monumental bi-partisan win for the American people! https://t.co/isy6Bt38iK
I’ve done more damage to ISIS than all recent presidents....not even close!
The Democrats now own the shutdown!
General Anthony Tata, author, “Dark Winter.” I think the President is making the exact right move in Syria. All the geniuses who are protesting the withdrawal of troops from Syria are the same geniuses who cooked the books on ISIS intelligence and gave rise to ISIS.”
There has never been a president who has been tougher (but fair) on China or Russia - Never, just look at the facts. The Fake News tries so hard to paint the opposite picture.
Thank you @SteveDaines for being willing to go with the so-called nuclear option in order to win on DESPERATELY NEEDED Border Security! Have my total support.
Mitch, use the Nuclear Option and get it done! Our Country is counting on you!
Even President Ronald Reagan tried for 8 years to build a Border Wall, or Fence, and was unable to do so. Others also have tried. We will get it done, one way or the other!
Shutdown today if Democrats do not vote for Border Security!
House Republican Vote, 217-185.
The Democrats, whose votes we need in the Senate, will probably vote against Border Security and the Wall even though they know it is DESPERATELY NEEDED. If the Dems vote no, there will be a shutdown that will last for a very long time. People don’t want Open Borders and Crime!
No matter what happens today in the Senate, Republican House Members should be very proud of themselves. They flew back to Washington from all parts of the World in order to vote for Border Security and the Wall. Not one Democrat voted yes, and we won big. I am very proud of you!
.....on a Border is only effective in conjunction with a Wall. Properly designed and built Walls work, and the Democrats are lying when they say they don’t. In Israel the Wall is 99.9% successful. Will not be any different on our Southern Border! Hundreds of $Billions saved!
The Democrats are trying to belittle the concept of a Wall, calling it old fashioned. The fact is there is nothing else’s that will work, and that has been true for thousands of years. It’s like the wheel, there is nothing better. I know tech better than anyone, &amp; technology.....
Senator Mitch McConnell should fight for the Wall and Border Security as hard as he fought for anything. He will need Democrat votes, but as shown in the House, good things happen. If enough Dems don’t vote, it will be a Democrat Shutdown! House Republicans were great yesterday!
Soon to be Speaker Nancy Pelosi said, last week live from the Oval Office, that the Republicans didn’t have the votes for Border Security. Today the House Republicans voted and won, 217-185. Nancy does not have to apologize. All I want is GREAT BORDER SECURITY!
Thank you to our GREAT Republican Members of Congress for your VOTE to fund Border Security and the Wall. The final numbers were 217-185 and many have said that the enthusiasm was greater than they have ever seen before. So proud of you all. Now on to the Senate!
General Jim Mattis will be retiring, with distinction, at the end of February, after having served my Administration as Secretary of Defense for the past two years. During Jim’s tenure, tremendous progress has been made, especially with respect to the purchase of new fighting....
....equipment. General Mattis was a great help to me in getting allies and other countries to pay their share of military obligations. A new Secretary of Defense will be named shortly. I greatly thank Jim for his service!
Democrats, it is time to come together and put the SAFETY of the AMERICAN PEOPLE before POLITICS. Border security must become a #1 priority! https://t.co/Wck6UpQGil
Farm Bill signing in 15 minutes! #Emmys #TBT https://t.co/KtSS17xvIn
So hard to believe that Lindsey Graham would be against saving soldier lives &amp; billions of $$$. Why are we fighting for our enemy, Syria, by staying &amp; killing ISIS for them, Russia, Iran &amp; other locals? Time to focus on our Country &amp; bring our youth back home where they belong!
Congress just passed the Criminal Justice Reform Bill known as the #FirstStepAct. Congratulations! This is a great bi-partisan achievement for everybody. When both parties work together we can keep our Country safer. A wonderful thing for the U.S.A.!!
When I begrudgingly signed the Omnibus Bill, I was promised the Wall and Border Security by leadership. Would be done by end of year (NOW). It didn’t happen! We foolishly fight for Border Security for other countries - but not for our beloved U.S.A. Not good!
With so much talk about the Wall, people are losing sight of the great job being done on our Southern Border by Border Patrol, ICE and our great Military. Remember the Caravans? Well, they didn’t get through and none are forming or on their way. Border is tight. Fake News silent!
The Democrats, who know Steel Slats (Wall) are necessary for Border Security, are putting politics over Country. What they are just beginning to realize is that I will not sign any of their legislation, including infrastructure, unless it has perfect Border Security. U.S.A. WINS!
....Russia, Iran, Syria &amp; many others are not happy about the U.S. leaving, despite what the Fake News says, because now they will have to fight ISIS and others, who they hate, without us. I am building by far the most powerful military in the world. ISIS hits us they are doomed!
Does the USA want to be the Policeman of the Middle East, getting NOTHING but spending precious lives and trillions of dollars protecting others who, in almost all cases, do not appreciate what we are doing? Do we want to be there forever? Time for others to finally fight.....
Getting out of Syria was no surprise. I’ve been campaigning on it for years, and six months ago, when I very publicly wanted to do it, I agreed to stay longer. Russia, Iran, Syria &amp; others are the local enemy of ISIS. We were doing there work. Time to come home &amp; rebuild. #MAGA
“I’m proud of the President today to hear that he is declaring victory in Syria.” Senator Rand Paul.  “I couldn’t agree more with the presidents decision. By definition, this is the opposite of an Obama decision. Senator Mike Lee
“Trump gets no credit for what he’s done in the Middle East.”  @IngrahamAngle  So true, thank you Laura!
Col. Jim Carafano on @IngrahamAngle “Trump has made the Middle East a better place. When Trump came into office, ISIS was running amuck in the Middle East. Over a million refugees poured into Western Europe - none of that is happening today. That’s all due to Trump.”
After historic victories against ISIS, it’s time to bring our great young people home! https://t.co/xoNjFzQFTp
....In any event, it goes on and on &amp; the new AG, who is now being replaced by yet another AG (who openly campaigned on a GET TRUMP agenda), does little else but rant, rave &amp; politic against me. Will never be treated fairly by these people - a total double standard of “justice.”
...sleazebag AG Eric Schneiderman, who has since resigned over horrific women abuse, when I wanted to close the Foundation so as not to be in conflict with politics. Shady Eric was head of New Yorkers for Clinton, and refused to even look at the corrupt Clinton Foundation......
The Trump Foundation has done great work and given away lots of money, both mine and others, to great charities over the years - with me taking NO fees, rent, salaries etc. Now, as usual, I am getting slammed by Cuomo and the Dems in a long running civil lawsuit started by.....
We have defeated ISIS in Syria, my only reason for being there during the Trump Presidency.
Mexico is paying (indirectly) for the Wall through the new USMCA, the replacement for NAFTA! Far more money coming to the U.S. Because of the tremendous dangers at the Border, including large scale criminal and drug inflow, the United States Military will build the Wall!
In our Country, so much money has been poured down the drain, for so many years, but when it comes to Border Security and the Military, the Democrats fight to the death. We won on the Military, which is being completely rebuilt. One way or the other, we will win on the Wall!
In our Country, so much money has been poured down the drain, for so many years, but the Democrats fight us like cats and dogs when it comes to spending on Boarder Security (including a Wall) and the Military. We won on the Military, it is being completely rebuilt. We will win...
....This will keep our communities safer, and provide hope and a second chance, to those who earn it. In addition to everything else, billions of dollars will be saved. I look forward to signing this into law!
America is the greatest Country in the world and my job is to fight for ALL citizens, even those who have made mistakes. Congratulations to the Senate on the bi-partisan passing of a historic Criminal Justice Reform Bill....
The Democrats, are saying loud and clear that they do not want to build a Concrete Wall - but we are not building a Concrete Wall, we are building artistically designed steel slats, so that you can easily see through it....
....It will be beautiful and, at the same time, give our Country the security that our citizens deserve. It will go up fast and save us BILLIONS of dollars a month once completed!
Congratulations to @MarthaMcSally on her appointment by Governor @DougDucey as the Great new Senator from Arizona - I have no doubt she will do a fantastic job!
“President Donald J. Trump’s Commission on School Safety examined ways to make our schools safe for all students and teachers.” Read more: https://t.co/Sj3T2B3cKW https://t.co/M0iiESm2fJ
Michael Isikoff was the first to report Dossier allegations and now seriously doubts the Dossier claims. The whole Russian Collusion thing was a HOAX, but who is going to restore the good name of so many people whose reputations have been destroyed?
....WILL NEVER BE PROVEN AND ARE LIKELY FALSE.”  Thank you to Michael Isikoff, Yahoo, for honesty. What this means is that the FISA WARRANTS and the whole Russian Witch Hunt is a Fraud and a Hoax which should be ended immediately. Also, it was paid for by Crooked Hillary &amp; DNC!
Russia Dossier reporter now doubts dopey Christopher Steele’s claims! “When you get into the details of the Steele Dossier, the specific allegations, we have not seen the evidence to support them. There’s good grounds to think that some of the more sensational allegations.....
Illegal immigration costs the United States more than 200 Billion Dollars a year. How was this allowed to happen?
Facebook, Twitter and Google are so biased toward the Dems it is ridiculous! Twitter, in fact, has made it much more difficult for people to join @realDonaldTrump. They have removed many names &amp; greatly slowed the level and speed of increase. They have acknowledged-done NOTHING!
I hope the people over at the Fed will read today’s Wall Street Journal Editorial before they make yet another mistake. Also, don’t let the market become any more illiquid than it already is. Stop with the 50 B’s. Feel the market, don’t just go by meaningless numbers. Good luck!
Good luck today in court to General Michael Flynn. Will be interesting to see what he has to say, despite tremendous pressure being put on him, about Russian Collusion in our great and, obviously, highly successful political campaign. There was no Collusion!
Biggest outrage yet in the long, winding and highly conflicted Mueller Witch Hunt is the fact that 19,000 demanded Text messages between Peter Strzok and his FBI lover, Lisa Page, were purposely &amp; illegally deleted. Would have explained whole Hoax, which is now under protest!
Today I am making good on my promise to defend our Farmers &amp; Ranchers from unjustified trade retaliation by foreign nations. I have authorized Secretary Perdue to implement the 2nd round of Market Facilitation Payments. Our economy is stronger than ever–we stand with our Farmers!
Anytime you hear a Democrat saying that you can have good Border Security without a Wall, write them off as just another politician following the party line. Time for us to save billions of dollars a year and have, at the same time, far greater safety and control!
It is incredible that with a very strong dollar and virtually no inflation, the outside world blowing up around us, Paris is burning and China way down, the Fed is even considering yet another interest rate hike. Take the Victory!
Anytime you hear a Democrat saying that you can have good Boarder Security without a Wall, write them off as just another politician following the party line. Time for us to save billions of dollars a year and have, at the same time, far greater safety and control!
The DEDUCTIBLE which comes with ObamaCare is so high that it is practically not even useable! Hurts families badly. We have a chance, working with the Democrats, to deliver great HealthCare! A confirming Supreme Court Decision will lead to GREAT HealthCare results for Americans!
....The Russian Witch Hunt Hoax, started as the “insurance policy” long before I even got elected, is very bad for our Country. They are Entrapping people for misstatements, lies or unrelated things that took place many years ago. Nothing to do with Collusion. A Democrat Scam!
....a persecution of the President.”  Daniel Henninger, The Wall Street Journal. Thank you, people are starting to see and understand what this Witch Hunt is all about. Jeff Sessions should be ashamed of himself for allowing this total HOAX to get started in the first place!
“It looks here as though General Flynn’s defenses are incidental to something larger which is for the prosecution to figure out if it can find a path to Donald Trump without quite knowing what that crime might be. It stops looking like prosecution and more looking like......
Required television watching is last weeks @marthamaccallum interview with the wonderful wife of Rod Blagojevich and the @trish_regan interview with a Jerome Corsi. If that doesn’t tell you something about what has been going on in our Country, nothing will. Very sad!
Required television watching is last weeks @marthamaccallum interview with the wonderful wife of @RodBlagojevich and the @trishregan interview with a Jerome Corsi. If that doesn’t tell you something about what has been going on in our Country, nothing will. Very sad!
The Democrats policy of Child Seperation on the Border during the Obama Administration was far worse than the way we handle it now. Remember the 2014 picture of children in cages - the Obama years. However, if you don’t separate, FAR more people will come. Smugglers use the kids!
Judge Ken Starr, former Solicitor Generel &amp; Independent Counsel, just stated that, after two years, “there is no evidence or proof of collusion” &amp; further that “there is no evidence that there was a campaign financing violation involving the President.” Thank you Judge. @FoxNews
At the request of many, I will be reviewing the case of a “U.S. Military hero,” Major Matt Golsteyn, who is charged with murder. He could face the death penalty from our own government after he admitted to killing a Terrorist bomb maker while overseas. @PeteHegseth @FoxNews
Remember, Michael Cohen only became a “Rat” after the FBI did something which was absolutely unthinkable &amp; unheard of until the Witch Hunt was illegally started. They BROKE INTO AN ATTORNEY’S OFFICE! Why didn’t they break into the DNC to get the Server, or Crooked’s office?
So where are all the missing Text messages between fired FBI agents Peter S and the lovely Lisa Page, his lover. Just reported that they have been erased and wiped clean. What an outrage as the totally compromised and conflicted Witch Hunt moves ever so slowly forward. Want them!
A REAL scandal is the one sided coverage, hour by hour, of networks like NBC &amp; Democrat spin machines like Saturday Night Live. It is all nothing less than unfair news coverage and Dem commercials. Should be tested in courts, can’t be legal? Only defame &amp; belittle! Collusion?
Wow, 19,000 Texts between Lisa Page and her lover, Peter S of the FBI, in charge of the Russia Hoax, were just reported as being wiped clean and gone. Such a big story that will never be covered by the Fake News. Witch Hunt!
The pathetic and dishonest Weekly Standard, run by failed prognosticator Bill Kristol (who, like many others, never had a clue), is flat broke and out of business. Too bad. May it rest in peace!
Never in the history of our Country has the “press” been more dishonest than it is today. Stories that should be good, are bad. Stories that should be bad, are horrible. Many stories, like with the REAL story on Russia, Clinton &amp; the DNC, seldom get reported. Too bad!
.......The Trump Administration will be announcing the new Secretary of the Interior next week.
Secretary of the Interior @RyanZinke will be leaving the Administration at the end of the year after having served for a period of almost two years. Ryan has accomplished much during his tenure and I want to thank him for his service to our Nation.......
Wow, but not surprisingly, ObamaCare was just ruled UNCONSTITUTIONAL by a highly respected judge in Texas. Great news for America!
As I predicted all along, Obamacare has been struck down as an UNCONSTITUTIONAL disaster! Now Congress must pass a STRONG law that provides GREAT healthcare and protects pre-existing conditions. Mitch and Nancy, get it done!
For the record, there were MANY people who wanted to be the White House Chief of Staff. Mick M will do a GREAT job!
....I look forward to working with him in this new capacity as we continue to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! John will be staying until the end of the year. He is a GREAT PATRIOT and I want to personally thank him for his service!
I am pleased to announce that Mick Mulvaney, Director of the Office of Management &amp; Budget, will be named Acting White House Chief of Staff, replacing General John Kelly, who has served our Country with distinction. Mick has done an outstanding job while in the Administration....
Thank you to @tim_cook for agreeing to expand operations in the U.S. and thereby creating thousands of jobs! https://t.co/2zOVxp9nTF
Many people have asked how we are doing in our negotiations with North Korea - I always reply by saying we are in no hurry, there is wonderful potential for great economic success for that country....
....Kim Jong Un sees it better than anyone and will fully take advantage of it for his people. We are doing just fine!
China just announced that their economy is growing much slower than anticipated because of our Trade War with them. They have just suspended U.S. Tariff Hikes. U.S. is doing very well. China wants to make a big and very comprehensive deal. It could happen, and rather soon!
China just announce the there economy is growing much slower than anticipated because of our Trade War with them. They have just suspended U.S. Tariff Hikes. U.S. is doing very well. China wants to make a big and very comprehensive deal. It could happen, and rather soon!
Let’s not do a shutdown, Democrats - do what’s right for the American People! https://t.co/bZg07ZKQqo
Today, it was my honor to welcome our Nation’s newly elected Governors to the @WhiteHouse! https://t.co/LCpFIoRglp
Happy 382nd Birthday @USNationalGuard. Our entire Nation is forever grateful for all you do 24/7/365. We love you! #Guard382 https://t.co/XLoCxOFvMA
Just did an interview with @HARRISFAULKNER on @FoxNews, airing now (1pmE.) Enjoy!
....She will probably be given a pass, despite their terrible ratings. Congratulations to @RichardGrenell, our great Ambassador to Germany, for having the courage to take this horrible issue on!
If it was a Conservative that said what “crazed” Mika Brzezinski stated on her show yesterday, using a certain horrible term, that person would be banned permanently from television....
WITCH HUNT!
They gave General Flynn a great deal because they were embarrassed by the way he was treated - the FBI said he didn’t lie and they overrode the FBI. They want to scare everybody into making up stories that are not true by catching them in the smallest of misstatements. Sad!......
....guilty even on a civil basis. Those charges were just agreed to by him in order to embarrass the president and get a much reduced prison sentence, which he did-including the fact that his family was temporarily let off the hook. As a lawyer, Michael has great liability to me!
....guilty even on a civil bases. Those charges were just agreed to by him in order to embarrass the president and get a much reduced prison sentence, which he did-including the fact that his family was temporarily let off the hook. As a lawyer, Michael has great liability to me!
....stated that I did nothing wrong with respect to campaign finance laws, if they even apply, because this was not campaign finance. Cohen was guilty on many charges unrelated to me, but he plead to two campaign charges which were not criminal and of which he probably was not...
I never directed Michael Cohen to break the law. He was a lawyer and he is supposed to know the law. It is called “advice of counsel,” and a lawyer has great liability if a mistake is made. That is why they get paid. Despite that many campaign finance lawyers have strongly......
I often stated, “One way or the other, Mexico is going to pay for the Wall.” This has never changed. Our new deal with Mexico (and Canada), the USMCA, is so much better than the old, very costly &amp; anti-USA NAFTA deal, that just by the money we save, MEXICO IS PAYING FOR THE WALL!
.@FLOTUS Melania will be interviewed by @SeanHannity tonight on @FoxNews at 9:00pmE!
The Democrats and President Obama gave Iran 150 Billion Dollars and got nothing, but they can’t give 5 Billion Dollars for National Security and a Wall?
Another very bad terror attack in France. We are going to strengthen our borders even more. Chuck and Nancy must give us the votes to get additional Border Security!
Thanks to Leader McConnell for agreeing to bring a Senate vote on Criminal Justice this week! These historic changes will make communities SAFER and SAVE tremendous taxpayers dollars. It brings much needed hope to many families during the Holiday Season.
“I don’t care what you think of the President...it cannot bleed over to the FBI...Comey is confirming there is bias in the FBI...” -Chris Swecker
James Comey just totally exposed his partisan stance by urging his fellow Democrats to take back the White House in 2020. In other words, he is and has been a Democrat. Comey had no right heading the FBI at any time, but especially after his mind exploded!
Fake News has it purposely wrong. Many, over ten, are vying for and wanting the White House Chief of Staff position. Why wouldn’t someone want one of the truly great and meaningful jobs in Washington. Please report news correctly. Thank you!
Very productive conversations going on with China! Watch for some important announcements!
Great job by Michael Anton on @foxandfriends. A true National Security expert!
....People do not yet realize how much of the Wall, including really effective renovation, has already been built. If the Democrats do not give us the votes to secure our Country, the Military will build the remaining sections of the Wall. They know how important it is!
.....I look forward to my meeting with Chuck Schumer &amp; Nancy Pelosi. In 2006, Democrats voted for a Wall, and they were right to do so. Today, they no longer want Border Security. They will fight it at all cost, and Nancy must get votes for Speaker. But the Wall will get built...
....however, for strictly political reasons and because they have been pulled so far left, do NOT want Border Security. They want Open Borders for anyone to come in. This brings large scale crime and disease. Our Southern Border is now Secure and will remain that way.......
.....Ice, Border Patrol and our Military have done a FANTASTIC job of securing our Southern Border. A Great Wall would be, however, a far easier &amp; less expensive solution. We have already built large new sections &amp; fully renovated others, making them like new. The Democrats,.....
Despite the large Caravans that WERE forming and heading to our Country, people have not been able to get through our newly built Walls, makeshift Walls &amp; Fences, or Border Patrol Officers &amp; Military. They are now staying in Mexico or going back to their original countries.......
“Former FBI Director James Comey under fire for his testimony acknowledging he knew that the Democrats paid for that phony Trump Dossier.” @LouDobbs  Details on Tuesday night.
James Comey’s behind closed doors testimony reveals that “there was not evidence of Campaign Collusion” with Russia when he left the FBI. In other words, the Witch Hunt is illegal and should never have been started!
....which it was not (but even if it was, it is only a CIVIL CASE, like Obama’s - but it was done correctly by a lawyer and there would not even be a fine. Lawyer’s liability if he made a mistake, not me). Cohen just trying to get his sentence reduced. WITCH HUNT!
“Democrats can’t find a Smocking Gun tying the Trump campaign to Russia after James Comey’s testimony. No Smocking Gun...No Collusion.” @FoxNews  That’s because there was NO COLLUSION. So now the Dems go to a simple private transaction, wrongly call it a campaign contribution,...
I am in the process of interviewing some really great people for the position of White House Chief of Staff. Fake News has been saying with certainty it was Nick Ayers, a spectacular person who will always be with our #MAGA agenda. I will be making a decision soon!
The Trump Administration has accomplished more than any other U.S. Administration in its first two (not even) years of existence, &amp; we are having a great time doing it! All of this despite the Fake News Media, which has gone totally out of its mind-truly the Enemy of the People!
Leakin’ James Comey must have set a record for who lied the most to Congress in one day. His Friday testimony was so untruthful! This whole deal is a Rigged Fraud headed up by dishonest people who would do anything so that I could not become President. They are now exposed!
On 245  occasions, former FBI Director James Comey told House investigators he didn’t know, didn’t recall, or couldn’t remember things when asked. Opened investigations on 4 Americans (not 2) - didn’t know who signed off and didn’t know Christopher Steele. All lies!
It was my honor to attend today’s #ArmyNavyGame in Philadelphia. A GREAT game played all around by our HEROES. Congratulations @ArmyWP_Football on the win! https://t.co/WDLkM6VE2T
#ArmyNavyGame???? https://t.co/Yjhq6r6F9h
Great honor to be headed to the Army-Navy game today. Will be there shortly, landing now! https://t.co/ByAfESq8aS
....left and right, he then woke up from his dream screaming that HE LIED. Next time I go to Vietnam I will ask “the Dick” to travel with me!
Watched Da Nang Dick Blumenthal on television spewing facts almost as accurate as his bravery in Vietnam (which he never saw). As the bullets whizzed by Da Nang Dicks head, as he was saving soldiers....
Very sad day &amp; night in Paris. Maybe it’s time to end the ridiculous and extremely expensive Paris Agreement and return money back to the people in the form of lower taxes? The U.S. was way ahead of the curve on that and the only major country where emissions went down last year!
“This is collusion illusion, there is no smoking gun here. At this late date, after all that we have gone through, after millions have been spent, we have no Russian Collusion. There is nothing impeachable here.” @GeraldoRivera  Time for the Witch Hunt to END!
I am pleased to announce my nomination of four-star General Mark Milley, Chief of Staff of the United States Army – as the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, replacing General Joe Dunford, who will be retiring....
....I am thankful to both of these incredible men for their service to our Country! Date of transition to be determined.
AFTER TWO YEARS AND MILLIONS OF PAGES OF DOCUMENTS (and a cost of over $30,000,000), NO COLLUSION!
The idea of a European Military didn’t work out too well in W.W. I or 2. But the U.S. was there for you, and always will be. All we ask is that you pay your fair share of NATO. Germany is paying 1% while the U.S. pays 4.3% of a much larger GDP - to protect Europe. Fairness!
The Paris Agreement isn’t working out so well for Paris. Protests and riots all over France. People do not want to pay large sums of money, much to third world countries (that are questionably run), in order to maybe protect the environment. Chanting “We Want Trump!” Love France.
Totally clears the President. Thank you!
It is being reported that Leakin' James Comey was told by Department of Justice attorneys not to answer the most important questions. Total bias and corruption at the highest levels of previous Administration. Force him to answer the questions under oath!
Hopefully Mitch McConnell will ask for a VOTE on Criminal Justice Reform. It is extremely popular and has strong bipartisan support. It will also help a lot of people, save taxpayer dollars, and keep our communities safe. Go for it Mitch!
Mike Pompeo is doing a great job, I am very proud of him. His predecessor, Rex Tillerson, didn’t have the mental capacity needed. He was dumb as a rock and I couldn’t get rid of him fast enough. He was lazy as hell. Now it is a whole new ballgame, great spirit at State!
....and one of the most highly respected lawyers and legal minds in the Country, he will be a great addition to our team. I look forward to having him join our very successful Administration!
I am pleased to announce that I will be nominating The Honorable William P. Barr for the position of Attorney General of the United States. As the former AG for George H.W. Bush....
I am pleased to announce that Heather Nauert, Spokeswoman for the United States Department of State, will be nominated to serve as United Nations Ambassador. I want to congratulate Heather, and thank Ambassador Nikki Haley for her great service to our Country!
We will be doing a major Counter Report to the Mueller Report. This should never again be allowed to happen to a future President of the United States!
Today, we honor those who perished 77 years ago at Pearl Harbor, and we salute every veteran who served in World War II over the 4 years that followed that horrific attack. God Bless America! https://t.co/zbu4NLVr4G https://t.co/5hbLDrqg40
It has been incorrectly reported that Rudy Giuliani and others will not be doing a counter to the Mueller Report. That is Fake News. Already 87 pages done, but obviously cannot complete until we see the final Witch Hunt Report.
China talks are going very well!
...the lying and leaking by the people doing the Report, &amp; also Bruce Ohr (and his lovely wife Molly), Comey, Brennan, Clapper, &amp; all of the many fired people of the FBI, be listed in the Report? Will the corruption within the DNC &amp; Clinton Campaign be exposed?..And so much more!
....Foundation be listed at the top of the Report? Will the scathing document written about Lyin’ James Comey, by the man in charge of the case, Rod Rosenstein (who also signed the FISA Warrant), be a big part of the Report? Isn’t Rod therefore totally conflicted? Will all of....
.....overturned, 9-0, in the United States Supreme Court. Doing same thing to people now. Will all of the substantial &amp; many contributions made by the 17 Angry Democrats to the Campaign of Crooked Hillary be listed in top of Report. Will the people that worked for the Clinton....
....Will Robert Mueller’s big time conflicts of interest be listed at the top of his Republicans only Report. Will Andrew Weissman’s horrible and vicious prosecutorial past be listed in the Report. He wrongly destroyed people’s lives, took down great companies, only to be........
Robert Mueller and Leakin’ Lyin’ James Comey are Best Friends, just one of many Mueller Conflicts of Interest. And bye the way, wasn’t the woman in charge of prosecuting Jerome Corsi (who I do not know) in charge of “legal” at the corrupt Clinton Foundation? A total Witch Hunt...
Arizona, together with our Military and Border Patrol, is bracing for a massive surge at a NON-WALLED area. WE WILL NOT LET THEM THROUGH. Big danger. Nancy and Chuck must approve Boarder Security and the Wall!
FAKE NEWS - THE ENEMY OF THE PEOPLE!
Trish_Regan:  “Did the FBI follow protocol to obtain the FISA warrant? I don’t think so. The Dossier was opposition research funded by opponents. Don’t use Government resources to take down political foes. Weaponizing Government for gain.” Is this really America? Witch Hunt!
Jerome Corsi: ”This is not justice, this is not America. This is a political prosecution. The Special Prosecutor (Counsel), to get this plea deal, demanded I lie and violate the law. They’re the criminals.” He is not alone. 17 Angry Dems. People forced to lie. Sad!  @Trish_Regan
Statement from China: “The teams of both sides are now having smooth communications and good cooperation with each other. We are full of confidence that an agreement can be reached within the next 90 days.” I agree!
Does the Fake News Media ever mention the fact that Republicans, with the very important help of my campaign Rallies, WON THE UNITED STATES SENATE, 53 to 47? All I hear is that the Open Border Dems won the House. Senate alone approves judges &amp; others. Big Republican Win!
My thoughts and prayers are with the @USMC crew members who were involved in a mid-air collision off the coast of Japan. Thank you to @USForcesJapan for their immediate response and rescue efforts. Whatever you need, we are here for you. @IIIMEF
Without the phony Russia Witch Hunt, and with all that we have accomplished in the last almost two years (Tax &amp; Regulation Cuts, Judge’s, Military, Vets, etc.) my approval rating would be at 75% rather than the 50% just reported by Rasmussen. It’s called Presidential Harassment!
Working hard, thank you! https://t.co/3SoWTkZjP6
Doug Wead, a truly great presidential historian, had a wonderful take on a very beautiful moment in history, the funeral service today of President Bush. Doug was able to brilliantly cover some very important and interesting periods of time! @LouDobbs
Hopefully OPEC will be keeping oil flows as is, not restricted. The World does not want to see, or need, higher oil prices!
Looking forward to being with the Bush family. This is not a funeral, this is a day of celebration for a great man who has led a long and distinguished life. He will be missed!
.....considered to be the worst and most dangerous, addictive and deadly substance of them all. Last year over 77,000 people died from Fentanyl. If China cracks down on this “horror drug,” using the Death Penalty for distributors and pushers, the results will be incredible!
One of the very exciting things to come out of my meeting with President Xi of China is his promise to me to criminalize the sale of deadly Fentanyl coming into the United States. It will now be considered a “controlled substance.” This could be a game changer on what is.......
Very strong signals being sent by China once they returned home from their long trip, including stops, from Argentina. Not to sound naive or anything, but I believe President Xi meant every word of what he said at our long and hopefully historic meeting. ALL subjects discussed!
.....China had agreed to start “immediately” buying U.S. products.” @business
“China officially echoed President Donald Trump’s optimism over bilateral trade talks. Chinese officials have begun preparing to restart imports of U.S. Soybeans &amp; Liquified Natural Gas, the first sign confirming the claims of President Donald Trump and the White House that......
.....China does not want Tariffs!
We are either going to have a REAL DEAL with China, or no deal at all - at which point we will be charging major Tariffs against Chinese product being shipped into the United States. Ultimately, I believe, we will be making a deal - either now or into the future....
....in the world. I want clean air and clean water and have been making great strides in improving America’s environment. But American taxpayers – and American workers – shouldn’t pay to clean up others countries’ pollution.
I am glad that my friend @EmmanuelMacron and the protestors in Paris have agreed with the conclusion I reached two years ago. The Paris Agreement is fatally flawed because it raises the price of energy for responsible countries while whitewashing some of the worst polluters....
Could somebody please explain to the Democrats (we need their votes) that our Country losses 250 Billion Dollars a year on illegal immigration, not including the terrible drug flow. Top Border Security, including a Wall, is $25 Billion. Pays for itself in two months. Get it done!
.....But if a fair deal is able to be made with China, one that does all of the many things we know must be finally done, I will happily sign. Let the negotiations begin. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
....I am a Tariff Man. When people or countries come in to raid the great wealth of our Nation, I want them to pay for the privilege of doing so. It will always be the best way to max out our economic power. We are right now taking in $billions in Tariffs. MAKE AMERICA RICH AGAIN
......on seeing whether or not a REAL deal with China is actually possible. If it is, we will get it done. China is supposed to start buying Agricultural product and more immediately. President Xi and I want this deal to happen, and it probably will. But if not remember,......
The negotiations with China have already started. Unless extended, they will end 90 days from the date of our wonderful and very warm dinner with President Xi in Argentina. Bob Lighthizer will be working closely with Steve Mnuchin, Larry Kudlow, Wilbur Ross and Peter Navarro.....
Looking forward to being with the wonderful Bush family at Blair House today. The former First Lady will be coming over to the White House this morning to be given a tour of the Christmas decorations by Melania. The elegance &amp; precision of the last two days have been remarkable!
#Remembering41 https://t.co/9xbFYlZzNs
Congratulations to newly inaugurated Mexican President @lopezobrador_. He had a tremendous political victory with the great support of the Mexican People. We will work well together for many years to come!
Looking forward to being with the Bush Family to pay my respects to President George H.W. Bush.
Bob Mueller (who is a much different man than people think) and his out of control band of Angry Democrats, don’t want the truth, they only want lies. The truth is very bad for their mission!
“I will never testify against Trump.” This statement was recently made by Roger Stone, essentially stating that he will not be forced by a rogue and out of control prosecutor to make up lies and stories about “President Trump.” Nice to know that some people still have “guts!”
....his wife and father-in-law (who has the money?) off Scott Free. He lied for this outcome and should, in my opinion, serve a full and complete sentence.
“Michael Cohen asks judge for no Prison Time.” You mean he can do all of the TERRIBLE, unrelated to Trump, things having to do with fraud, big loans, Taxis, etc., and not serve a long prison term? He makes up stories to get a GREAT &amp; ALREADY reduced deal for himself, and get.....
We would save Billions of Dollars if the Democrats would give us the votes to build the Wall. Either way, people will NOT be allowed into our Country illegally! We will close the entire Southern Border if necessary. Also, STOP THE DRUGS!
I am certain that, at some time in the future, President Xi and I, together with President Putin of Russia, will start talking about a meaningful halt to what has become a major and uncontrollable Arms Race. The U.S. spent 716 Billion Dollars this year. Crazy!
President Xi and I have a very strong and personal relationship. He and I are the only two people that can bring about massive and very positive change, on trade and far beyond, between our two great Nations. A solution for North Korea is a great thing for China and ALL!
Farmers will be a a very BIG and FAST beneficiary of our deal with China. They intend to start purchasing agricultural product immediately. We make the finest and cleanest product in the World, and that is what China wants. Farmers, I LOVE YOU!
My meeting in Argentina with President Xi of China was an extraordinary one. Relations with China have taken a BIG leap forward! Very good things will happen. We are dealing from great strength, but China likewise has much to gain if and when a deal is completed. Level the field!
China has agreed to reduce and remove tariffs on cars coming into China from the U.S. Currently the tariff is 40%.
This week, Jews around the world will celebrate the miracles of Hanukkah. @FLOTUS Melania and I send our very best wishes for a blessed and Happy Hanukkah! https://t.co/LrnGcc86w4 https://t.co/Kdjeyvkzmb
....However, out of respect for the Bush Family and former President George H.W. Bush we will wait until after the funeral to have a press conference.
I was very much looking forward to having a press conference just prior to leaving Argentina because we have had such great success in our dealing with various countries and their leaders at the G20....
President George H.W. Bush led a long, successful and beautiful life.  Whenever I was with him I saw his absolute joy for life and true pride in his family. His accomplishments were great from beginning to end. He was a truly wonderful man and will be missed by all!
Statement from President Donald J. Trump and First Lady Melania Trump on the Passing of Former President George H.W. Bush https://t.co/qxPsp4Ggs7
Watch @seanhannity on @FoxNews NOW. Enjoy!
Great day at the #G20Summit in Buenos Aires, Argentina. Thank you! https://t.co/4IHvUdOygc
Great reviews on the USMCA - sooo much better than NAFTA!
To the Great people of Alaska. You have been hit hard by a “big one.” Please follow the directions of the highly trained professionals who are there to help you. Your Federal Government will spare no expense. God Bless you ALL!
Just signed one of the most important, and largest, Trade Deals in U.S. and World History. The United States, Mexico and Canada worked so well together in crafting this great document. The terrible NAFTA will soon be gone. The USMCA will be fantastic for all!
#USMCA???????????? https://t.co/7CYsYBYbd1
....Lightly looked at doing a building somewhere in Russia. Put up zero money, zero guarantees and didn’t do the project. Witch Hunt!
Oh, I get it! I am a very good developer, happily living my life, when I see our Country going in the wrong direction (to put it mildly). Against all odds, I decide to run for President &amp; continue to run my business-very legal &amp; very cool, talked about it on the campaign trail...
Arrived in Argentina with a very busy two days planned. Important meetings scheduled throughout. Our great Country is extremely well represented. Will be very productive!
Alan Dershowitz: “These are not crimes. He (Mueller) has no authority to be a roving Commissioner. I don’t see any evidence of crimes.”  This is an illegal Hoax that should be ended immediately. Mueller refuses to look at the real crimes on the other side. Where is the IG REPORT?
“This demonstrates the Robert Mueller and his partisans have no evidence, not a whiff of collusion, between Trump and the Russians. Russian project legal. Trump Tower meeting (son Don), perfectly legal. He wasn’t involved with hacking.”     Gregg Jarrett.  A total Witch Hunt!
Just landed in Argentina with @FLOTUS Melania! #G20Summit https://t.co/Zg15gmPazF
As RNC Chair Ronna McDaniel oversaw history defying gains in the Senate and unprecedented fundraising strength. I have asked her to serve another term for my 2020 re-elect, because there is no one better for the job!
We have been working hard on this - and it’s only going to get better! https://t.co/MtGjmhMO8B
With all of the new books coming out you can't forget two of the great originals written by @GreggJarrett and @JudgeJeanine Pirro. Their books both went to #1. Go get them now, the phony Witch Hunt is well explained!
.@DBongino’s new book, "Spygate: The Attempted Sabotage of Donald J. Trump," is terrific. He's tough, he's smart, and he really gets it. His book is on sale now, I highly recommend!
....They have really done a great job in capturing my long-held views and ideas. This book is on sale now - a terrific read of a really interesting subject!
.@StephenMoore and Arthur Laffer, two very talented men, have just completed an incredible book on my Economic Policies or, as they call it, #TRUMPONOMICS....
.@SteveScalise has written an absolutely fascinating book (BACK IN THE GAME) on the world of D.C. politics, and more. He has experienced so much, in a short period of time. Few people have had his bravery or courage, and he has come all the way back. A big power and great person!
....in Argentina with President Vladimir Putin. I look forward to a meaningful Summit again as soon as this situation is resolved!
Based on the fact that the ships and sailors have not been returned to Ukraine from Russia, I have decided it would be best for all parties concerned to cancel my previously scheduled meeting....
Billions of Dollars are pouring into the coffers of the U.S.A. because of the Tariffs being charged to China, and there is a long way to go. If companies don’t want to pay Tariffs, build in the U.S.A. Otherwise, lets just make our Country richer than ever before!
When will this illegal Joseph McCarthy style Witch Hunt, one that has shattered so many innocent lives, ever end-or will it just go on forever? After wasting more than $40,000,000 (is that possible?), it has proven only one thing-there was NO Collusion with Russia. So Ridiculous!
Did you ever see an investigation more in search of a crime? At the same time Mueller and the Angry Democrats aren’t even looking at the atrocious, and perhaps subversive, crimes that were committed by Crooked Hillary Clinton and the Democrats. A total disgrace!
General Motors is very counter to what other auto, and other, companies are doing. Big Steel is opening and renovating plants all over the country. Auto companies are pouring into the U.S., including BMW, which just announced a major new plant. The U.S.A. is booming!
So much happening with the now discredited Witch Hunt. This total Hoax will be studied for years!
Sebastian Gorka, a very talented man who I got to know well while he was working at the White House, has just written an excellent book, “Why We Fight.” Much will be learned from this very good read!
On behalf of @FLOTUS Melania and the entire Trump family, I want to wish you all a very MERRY CHRISTMAS! May this Christmas Season bring peace to your hearts, warmth to your homes, cheer to your spirits and JOY TO THE WORLD! #NCTL2018?? https://t.co/XNMJQ5JDSU
Steel Dynamics announced that it will build a brand new 3 million ton steel mill in the Southwest that will create 600 good-paying U.S. JOBS. Steel JOBS are coming back to America, just like I predicted. Congratulations to Steel Dynamics!
.....and G.M. would not be closing their plants in Ohio, Michigan &amp; Maryland. Get smart Congress. Also, the countries that send us cars have taken advantage of the U.S. for decades. The President has great power on this issue - Because of the G.M. event, it is being studied now!
The reason that the small truck business in the U.S. is such a go to favorite is that, for many years, Tariffs of 25% have been put on small trucks coming into our country. It is called the “chicken tax.” If we did that with cars coming in, many more cars would be built here.....
While the disgusting Fake News is doing everything within their power not to report it that way, at least 3 major players are intimating that the Angry Mueller Gang of Dems is viciously telling witnesses to lie about facts &amp; they will get relief. This is our Joseph McCarthy Era!
Congratulations to Senator Cindy Hyde-Smith on your big WIN in the Great State of Mississippi. We are all very proud of you!
Brenda Snipes, in charge of voting in Broward County, Florida, was just spotted wearing a beautiful dress with 300 I VOTED signs on it. Just kidding, she is a fine, very honorable and highly respected voting tactician!
The Mueller Witch Hunt is a total disgrace. They are looking at supposedly stolen Crooked Hillary Clinton Emails (even though they don’t want to look at the DNC Server), but have no interest in the Emails that Hillary DELETED &amp; acid washed AFTER getting a Congressional Subpoena!
Very disappointed with General Motors and their CEO, Mary Barra, for closing plants in Ohio, Michigan and Maryland. Nothing being closed in Mexico &amp; China. The U.S. saved General Motors, and this is the THANKS we get! We are now looking at cutting all @GM subsidies, including....
....for electric cars. General Motors made a big China bet years ago when they built plants there (and in Mexico) - don’t think that bet is going to pay off. I am here to protect America’s Workers!
Polls are open in Mississippi. We need Cindy Hyde-Smith in Washington. GO OUT AND VOTE. Thanks!
....terrible Gang of Angry Democrats. Look at their past, and look where they come from. The now $30,000,000 Witch Hunt continues and they’ve got nothing but ruined lives. Where is the Server? Let these terrible people go back to the Clinton Foundation and “Justice” Department!
....The Fake News Media builds Bob Mueller up as a Saint, when in actuality he is the exact opposite. He is doing TREMENDOUS damage to our Criminal Justice System, where he is only looking at one side and not the other. Heroes will come of this, and it won’t be Mueller and his...
The Phony Witch Hunt continues, but Mueller and his gang of Angry Dems are only looking at one side, not the other. Wait until it comes out how horribly &amp; viciously they are treating people, ruining lives for them refusing to lie. Mueller is a conflicted prosecutor gone rogue....
....starts today, election is on December 4th. @VoteBradRaff is tough on Crime and Borders, Loves our Military and Vets. He will be great for jobs!
Brad Raffensperger will be a fantastic Secretary of State for Georgia - will work closely with @BrianKempGA. It is really important that you get out and vote for Brad - early voting....
While CNN doesn’t do great in the United States based on ratings, outside of the U.S. they have very little competition. Throughout the world, CNN has a powerful voice portraying the United States in an unfair....
....and false way. Something has to be done, including the possibility of the United States starting our own Worldwide Network to show the World the way we really are, GREAT!
On the ten-year anniversary of the Mumbai terror attack, the U.S. stands with the people of India in their quest for justice. The attack killed 166 innocents, including six Americans. We will never let terrorists win, or even come close to winning!
....hundreds of people closely involved with my campaign who never met, saw or spoke to a Russian during this period? So many campaign workers, people inside from the beginning, ask me why they have not been called (they want to be). There was NO Collusion &amp; Mueller knows it!
When Mueller does his final report, will he be covering all of his conflicts of interest in a preamble, will he be recommending action on all of the crimes of many kinds from those “on the other side”(whatever happened to Podesta?), and will he be putting in statements from.....
Mexico should move the flag waving Migrants, many of whom are stone cold criminals, back to their countries. Do it by plane, do it by bus, do it anyway you want, but they are NOT coming into the U.S.A. We will close the Border permanently if need be. Congress, fund the WALL!
....children from parents, as did Bush etc., because that is the policy and law. I tried to keep them together but the problem is, when you do that, vast numbers of additional people storm the Border. So with Obama seperation is fine, but with Trump it’s not. Fake 60 Minutes!
.@60Minutes did a phony story about child separation when they know we had the exact same policy as the Obama Administration. In fact a picture of children in jails was used by other Fake Media to show how bad (cruel) we are, but it was in 2014 during O years. Obama separated....
Clinton Foundation donations drop 42% - which shows that they illegally played the power game. They monetized their political influence through the Foundation. “During her tenure the State Department was put in the service of the Clinton Foundation.”  Andrew McCarthy
Europe has to pay their fair share for Military Protection. The European Union, for many years, has taken advantage of us on Trade, and then they don’t live up to their Military commitment through NATO. Things must change fast!
General Anthony Tata: “President Trump is a man of his word &amp; he said he was going to be tough on the Border, and he is tough on the Border. He has rightfully strengthened the Border in the face of an unprecedented threat. It’s the right move by President Trump.” Thanks General!
Mississippi, Vote for @cindyhydesmith on Tuesday. Respected by all. We need her in Washington!. Thanks!
So great that oil prices are falling (thank you President T). Add that, which is like a big Tax Cut, to our other good Economic news. Inflation down (are you listening Fed)!
Would be very SMART if Mexico would stop the Caravans long before they get to our Southern Border, or if originating countries would not let them form (it is a way they get certain people out of their country and dump in U.S. No longer). Dems created this problem. No crossings!
The large and violent French protests don’t take into account how badly the United States has been treated on Trade by the European Union or on fair and reasonable payments for our GREAT military protection. Both of these topics must be remedied soon.
I will be in Gulfport and Tupelo, Mississippi, on Monday night doing two Rallies for Senator Hyde-Smith, who has a very important Election on Tuesday. She is an outstanding person who is strong on the Border, Crime, Military, our great Vets, Healthcare &amp; the 2nd A. Needed in D.C.
Victor Davis Hanson was a very good and interesting guest of Mark Levin on @FoxNews. He wrote a highly touted book called “The Second World Wars” and a new book will soon be coming out called “The Case For Trump.” Recommend both. @marklevinshow
....All will stay in Mexico. If for any reason it becomes necessary, we will CLOSE our Southern Border. There is no way that the United States will, after decades of abuse, put up with this costly and dangerous situation anymore!
Migrants at the Southern Border will not be allowed into the United States until their claims are individually approved in court. We only will allow those who come into our Country legally. Other than that our very strong policy is Catch and Detain. No “Releasing” into the U.S...
I am extremely happy and proud of the job being done by @USTreasury Secretary @StevenMnuchin1. The FAKE NEWS likes to write stories to the contrary, quoting phony sources or jealous people, but they aren’t true. They never like to ask me for a quote b/c it would kill their story.
Really good Criminal Justice Reform has a true shot at major bipartisan support. @senatemajldr Mitch McConnell and @SenSchumer have a real chance to do something so badly needed in our country. Already passed, with big vote, in House. Would be a major victory for ALL!
Really good Criminal Justice Reform has a true shot at major bipartisan support. @senatemajldr Mitch McConnell and @senchuckschumer have a real chance to do something so badly needed in our country. Already past, with big vote, in House. Would be a major victory for ALL!
Republicans and Democrats MUST come together, finally, with a major Border Security package, which will include funding for the Wall. After 40 years of talk, it is finally time for action. Fix the Border, for once and for all, NOW!
Our highly trained security professionals are not allowed to do their job on the Border because of the Judicial Activism and Interference by the 9th Circuit. Nevertheless, they are working hard to make America a safer place, though hard to do when anybody filing a lawsuit wins!
This is the coldest weather in the history of the Thanksgiving Day Parade in NYC, and one of the coldest Thanksgivings on record!
https://t.co/y4chCfEDke
Will be speaking with our great military in different parts of the world, through teleconference, at 9:00 A.M. Eastern. Then it will be off to see our Coast Guard patriots &amp; to thank them for the great job they have been doing, especially with the hurricanes. Happy Thanksgiving!
....and Safety at the Border, or anywhere else. They know nothing about it and are making our Country unsafe. Our great Law Enforcement professionals MUST BE ALLOWED TO DO THEIR JOB! If not there will be only bedlam, chaos, injury and death. We want the Constitution as written!
Justice Roberts can say what he wants, but the 9th Circuit is a complete &amp; total disaster. It is out of control, has a horrible reputation, is overturned more than any Circuit in the Country, 79%, &amp; is used to get an almost guaranteed result. Judges must not Legislate Security...
HAPPY THANKSGIVING TO ALL!
“It’s a mean &amp; nasty world out there, the Middle East in particular. This is a long and historic commitment, &amp; one that is absolutely vital to America’s national security.” @SecPompeo  I agree 100%. In addition, many Billions of Dollars of purchases made in U.S., big Jobs &amp; Oil!
You just can’t win with the Fake News Media. A big story today is that because I have pushed so hard and gotten Gasoline Prices so low, more people are driving and I have caused traffic jams throughout our Great Nation. Sorry everyone!
Brutal and Extended Cold Blast could shatter ALL RECORDS - Whatever happened to Global Warming?
“79% of these decisions have been overturned in the 9th Circuit.” @FoxNews  A terrible, costly and dangerous disgrace. It has become a dumping ground for certain lawyers looking for easy wins and delays. Much talk over dividing up the 9th Circuit into 2 or 3 Circuits. Too big!
There are a lot of CRIMINALS in the Caravan. We will stop them. Catch and Detain! Judicial Activism, by people who know nothing about security and the safety of our citizens, is putting our country in great danger. Not good!
“Thank you to President Trump on the Border. No American President has ever done this before.” Hector Garza, National Border Patrol Council
.....are so many opposing view (on Border and Safety) cases filed there, and why are a vast number of those cases overturned. Please study the numbers, they are shocking. We need protection and security - these rulings are making our country unsafe! Very dangerous and unwise!
Sorry Chief Justice John Roberts, but you do indeed have “Obama judges,” and they have a much different point of view than the people who are charged with the safety of our country. It would be great if the 9th Circuit was indeed an “independent judiciary,” but if it is why......
Great new book out, “Mad Politics: Keeping Your Sanity in a World Gone Crazy” by @RealDrGina Loudon. Go out and get your copy today — a great read!
“‘Trump Imitation Syndrome’ is afflicting the president’s liberal enemies” Thank you @MGoodwin_NYPost! https://t.co/KpmsrKCaBZ
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Oil prices getting lower. Great! Like a big Tax Cut for America and the World. Enjoy! $54, was just $82. Thank you to Saudi Arabia, but let’s go lower!
AMERICA FIRST!
So-called comedian Michelle Wolf bombed so badly last year at the White House Correspondents’ Dinner that this year, for the first time in decades, they will have an author instead of a comedian. Good first step in comeback of a dying evening and tradition! Maybe I will go?
I hope the discovery and eventual recovery of the Argentine submarine San Juan brings needed closure to the wonderful families of those brave missing sailors. I look forward to hearing more from my friend President @MauricioMacri in Argentina later this month.
The Fake News is showing old footage of people climbing over our Ocean Area Fence. This is what it really looks like - no climbers anymore under our Administration! https://t.co/CD4ltRePML
....We no longer pay Pakistan the $Billions because they would take our money and do nothing for us, Bin Laden being a prime example, Afghanistan being another. They were just one of many countries that take from the United States without giving anything in return. That’s ENDING!
Of course we should have captured Osama Bin Laden long before we did. I pointed him out in my book just BEFORE the attack on the World Trade Center. President Clinton famously missed his shot. We paid Pakistan Billions of Dollars &amp; they never told us he was living there. Fools!..
.@cindyhydesmith loves Mississippi and our Great U.S.A. https://t.co/hQPC4CrhDi
From day one Rick Scott never wavered. He was a great Governor and will be even a greater Senator in representing the People of Florida. Congratulations to Rick on having waged such a courageous and successful campaign!
Catch and Release is an obsolete term. It is now Catch and Detain. Illegal Immigrants trying to come into the U.S.A., often proudly flying the flag of their nation as they ask for U.S. Asylum, will be detained or turned away. Dems must approve Border Security &amp; Wall NOW!
The Mayor of Tijuana, Mexico, just stated that “the City is ill-prepared to handle this many migrants, the backlog could last 6 months.” Likewise, the U.S. is ill-prepared for this invasion, and will not stand for it. They are causing crime and big problems in Mexico. Go home!
So funny to see little Adam Schitt (D-CA) talking about the fact that Acting Attorney General Matt Whitaker was not approved by the Senate, but not mentioning the fact that Bob Mueller (who is highly conflicted) was not approved by the Senate!
I will be interviewed by Chris Wallace on @FoxNews at 2:00 P.M. and 7:00 P.M. Enjoy!
Incredible to be with our GREAT HEROES today in California. We will always be with you! https://t.co/B1MCTF83Zf
Heading to California with @GOPLeader Kevin McCarthy, @RepLaMalfa, and @KenCalvert. Look forward to being with our brave Firefighters, First Responders and @FEMA, along with the many brave People of California. We are with you all the way – God Bless you all!
....I can’t imagine any President having a better or closer relationship with their Vice President then the two of us. Just more FAKE NEWS, the Enemy of the People!
The New York Times did a phony story, as usual, about my relationship with @VP Mike Pence. They made up sources and refused to ask me, the only one that would know, for a quote....
Congratulations to Andrew Gillum on having run a really tough and competitive race for Governor of the Great State of Florida. He will be a strong Democrat warrior long into the future - a force to reckon with!
I can get Nancy Pelosi as many votes as she wants in order for her to be Speaker of the House. She deserves this victory, she has earned it - but there are those in her party who are trying to take it away. She will win! @TomReedCongress
Thank you @JerryBrownGov. Look forward to joining you and @GavinNewsom tomorrow in California. We are with you! https://t.co/UuXWAadmov
....their country’s flag. Can this be possible? Yes, because it is all a BIG CON, and the American taxpayer is paying for it!
Isn’t it ironic that large Caravans of people are marching to our border wanting U.S.A. asylum because they are fearful of being in their country - yet they are proudly waving....
Congratulations to Brian Kemp on becoming the new Governor of Georgia. Stacey Abrams fought brilliantly and hard - she will have a terrific political future! Brian was unrelenting and will become a great Governor for the truly Wonderful People of Georgia!
Congratulations to Ron DeSantis on becoming the new Governor of Florida. Against all odds, he fought &amp; fought &amp; fought, the result being a historic victory. He never gave up and never will. He will be a great Governor!
PRESIDENTIAL MEDAL OF FREEDOM https://t.co/Mgeg4wijTk
People are not being told that the Republican Party is on track to pick up two seats in the U.S. Senate, and epic victory: 53 to 47. The Fake News Media only wants to speak of the House, where the Midterm results were better than other sitting Presidents.
Today in the East Room of the @WhiteHouse, it was my true privilege to award seven extraordinary Americans with the Presidential Medal of Freedom...https://t.co/TuEy635mav
People are not being told that the Republican Party is on track to pick up two seats in the U.S. Senate, and epic victory: 53 to 47. The Fake News Media only wants to speak of the House, were the Midterm results were better than other sitting Presidents.
It is our sacred duty to support America’s Service Members every single day they wear the uniform – and every day after when they return home as Veterans. Together we will HONOR those who defend us, we will CHERISH those who protect us, and we will celebrate the amazing heroes... https://t.co/kovcIj4fwU
Last year, I signed the landmark VA Accountability Act to ensure those who mistreat our Veterans can be held fully accountable. Since my inauguration, we have removed more than 3,600 government employees who were not giving our Vets the care they deserve.... https://t.co/KqWXXt7D4U
It was my great honor to host a @WhiteHouse Conference on Supporting Veterans &amp; Military Families...To everyone here today who has served our Country in uniform, &amp; to every Veteran &amp; Military family across our land, I want to express the eternal gratitude of our entire Nation! https://t.co/MK8jUaTGFK
.@FLOTUS Melania and I were honored to visit with our GREAT U.S. MARINES at the Marine Barracks here in Washington, D.C. We love you @USMC @MBWDC! https://t.co/ASWmDZrDRK https://t.co/xYrPw9zzVv
The only “Collusion” is that of the Democrats with Russia and many others. Why didn’t the FBI take the Server from the DNC? They still don’t have it. Check out how biased Facebook, Google and Twitter are in favor of the Democrats. That’s the real Collusion!
Universities will someday study what highly conflicted (and NOT Senate approved) Bob Mueller and his gang of Democrat thugs have done to destroy people. Why is he protecting Crooked Hillary, Comey, McCabe, Lisa Page &amp; her lover, Peter S, and all of his friends on the other side?
....care how many lives the ruin. These are Angry People, including the highly conflicted Bob Mueller, who worked for Obama for 8 years. They won’t even look at all of the bad acts and crimes on the other side. A TOTAL WITCH HUNT LIKE NO OTHER IN AMERICAN HISTORY!
The inner workings of the Mueller investigation are a total mess. They have found no collusion and have gone absolutely nuts. They are screaming and shouting at people, horribly threatening them to come up with the answers they want. They are a disgrace to our Nation and don’t...
The White House is running very smoothly and the results for our Nation are obviously very good. We are the envy of the world. But anytime I even think about making changes, the FAKE NEWS MEDIA goes crazy, always seeking to make us look as bad as possible! Very dishonest!
Our pledge to hire American includes those leaving prison and looking for a very fresh start — new job, and new life. The legislation I am supporting today contains many significant reforms. Read more here: https://t.co/BwQ3qd9Fyk https://t.co/6DUY9KNTpR
I am grateful to be here today w/ Members of the House &amp; Senate who have poured their time, heart and energy into the crucial issue of Prison Reform. Working together w/ my Admin over the last two years, these members have reached a bipartisan agreement...https://t.co/wflidv2cZr
Just spoke to Governor Jerry Brown to let him know that we are with him, and the people of California, all the way!
Was just briefed by @FEMA_Brock and @SecretaryZinke, who are in California. Thank you to the great Firefighters, First Responders and @FEMA for the incredible job they are doing w/ the California Wildfires. Our Nation appreciates your heroism, courage &amp; genius. God Bless you all!
Not seen in many years, America’s steelworkers get a hard-earned raise because of my Administration’s policies to help bring back the U.S. steel industry, which is critical to our National Security. I will always protect America and its workers!
“Boom: Record high business optimism, need for employees at 45-year high” https://t.co/jBFjEwAcfd
It was my great honor to host a celebration of Diwali, the Hindu Festival of Lights, in the Roosevelt Room at the @WhiteHouse this afternoon. Very, very special people! https://t.co/kQk7IvpSFo https://t.co/tYlBABg4JF
Today, we gathered for Diwali, a holiday observed by Buddhists, Sikhs, and Jains throughout the United States &amp; around the world. Hundreds of millions of people have gathered with family &amp; friends to light the Diya and to mark the beginning of a New Year. https://t.co/epHogpTY1A https://t.co/9LUwnhngWJ
Today, we gathered for Diwali, a holiday observed by Buddhists, Sikhs, and Jains throughout the United States &amp; around the world. Hundreds of millions of people have gathered with family &amp; friends to light the Diya and to mark the beginning of a New Year. https://t.co/a1QRfaPm37 https://t.co/LKRTr0nCQl
We mourn for the lives lost and we pray for the victims of the California Wildfires. I want to thank the Firefighters and First Responders for their incredible courage in the face of grave danger.... https://t.co/3YQYZR8OzS
The story in the New York Times concerning North Korea developing missile bases is inaccurate. We fully know about the sites being discussed, nothing new - and nothing happening out of the normal. Just more Fake News. I will be the first to let you know if things go bad!
When will Bill Nelson concede in Florida? The characters running Broward and Palm Beach voting will not be able to “find” enough votes, too much spotlight on them now!
By the way, when the helicopter couldn’t fly to the first cemetery in France because of almost zero visibility, I suggested driving. Secret Service said NO, too far from airport &amp; big Paris shutdown. Speech next day at American Cemetery in pouring rain! Little reported-Fake News!
By the way, when the helicopter couldn’t fly to the first cemetery in France because of almost zero visibility, I suggested driving. Secret Service said NO, too far from airport &amp; big Paris shutdown. Speech next day at American Cemetary in pouring rain! Little reported-Fake News!
......MAKE FRANCE GREAT AGAIN!
The problem is that Emmanuel suffers from a very low Approval Rating in France, 26%, and an unemployment rate of almost 10%. He was just trying to get onto another subject. By the way, there is no country more Nationalist than France, very proud people-and rightfully so!........
On Trade, France makes excellent wine, but so does the U.S. The problem is that France makes it very hard for the U.S. to sell its wines into France, and charges big Tariffs, whereas the U.S. makes it easy for French wines, and charges very small Tariffs. Not fair, must change!
Emmanuel Macron suggests building its own army to protect Europe against the U.S., China and Russia. But it was Germany in World Wars One &amp; Two - How did that work out for France? They were starting to learn German in Paris before the U.S. came along. Pay for NATO or not!
I just approved an expedited request for a Major Disaster Declaration for the State of California. Wanted to respond quickly in order to alleviate some of the incredible suffering going on. I am with you all the way. God Bless all of the victims and families affected.
Hopefully, Saudi Arabia and OPEC will not be cutting oil production. Oil prices should be much lower based on supply!
American Cable Association has big problems with Comcast. They say that Comcast routinely violates Antitrust Laws. “These guys are acting much worse, and have much more potential for damage to consumers, than anything AT&amp;T-Time Warner would do.” Charlie Gasparino
The California Fire Fighters, FEMA and  First Responders are amazing and very brave. Thank you and God Bless you all!
The prospect of Presidential Harassment by the Dems is causing the Stock Market big headaches!
The Florida Election should be called in favor of Rick Scott and Ron DeSantis in that large numbers of new ballots showed up out of nowhere, and many ballots are missing or forged. An honest vote count is no longer possible-ballots massively infected. Must go with Election Night!
.....of money spent on protecting other countries, and we get nothing but Trade Deficits and Losses. It is time that these very rich countries either pay the United States for its great military protection, or protect themselves...and Trade must be made FREE and FAIR!
.....hundreds of billions of dollars, for the great privilege of losing hundreds of billions of dollars with these same countries on trade. I told them that this situation cannot continue - It is, and always has been, ridiculously unfair to the United States. Massive amounts.....
Just returned from France where much was accomplished in my meetings with World Leaders. Never easy bringing up the fact that the U.S. must be treated fairly, which it hasn’t, on both Military and Trade. We pay for LARGE portions of other countries military protection,........
Exactly 100 years ago today, on November 11th, 1918, World War I came to an end. We are gathered together, at this hallowed resting place, to pay tribute to the brave Americans who gave their last breath in that mighty struggle.... https://t.co/JPUkOr4rW1
Poland, a great country - Congratulations on the 100th Anniversary of your Independence. I will never forget my time there! https://t.co/gEme6McF1x
Beautiful ceremony today in Paris commemorating the end of World War One. Many World leaders in attendance. Thank you to @EmmanuelMacron, President of France! Now off to Suresnes American Cemetery to make speech in honor of our great heroes! Then back to the U.S.A.
On this Veterans Day — the 100th Anniversary of the end of WWI, we honor the brave HEROES who fought for America in the Great War, and every Veteran who has worn the uniform and kept our Nation Safe, Strong and FREE! https://t.co/zBvvYRR7XE https://t.co/YO06ztfvNm
With proper Forest Management, we can stop the devastation constantly going on in California. Get Smart!
These California fires are expanding very, very quickly (in some cases 80-100 acres a minute). If people don’t evacuate quickly, they risk being overtaken by the fire. Please listen to evacuation orders from State and local officials!
More than 4,000 are fighting the Camp and Woolsey Fires in California that have burned over 170,000 acres. Our hearts are with those fighting the fires, the 52,000 who have evacuated, and the families of the 11 who have died. The destruction is catastrophic. God Bless them all.
Trying to STEAL two big elections in Florida! We are watching closely!
Had very productive meetings and calls for our Country today. Meeting tonight with World Leaders!
Happy 243rd Birthday to our GREAT U.S. Marine Corps???? https://t.co/1cPtoMfmxP
I am in Paris getting ready to celebrate the end of World War One. Is there anything better to celebrate than the end of a war, in particular that one, which was one of the bloodiest and worst of all time?
There is no reason for these massive, deadly and costly forest fires in California except that forest management is so poor. Billions of dollars are given each year, with so many lives lost, all because of gross mismanagement of the forests. Remedy now, or no more Fed payments!
....Mr. Whitaker is very highly thought of by @SenJoniErnst, Senator @ChuckGrassley, Ambassador @TerryBranstad, Leonard Leo of Federalist Society, and many more. I feel certain he will make an outstanding Acting Attorney General!
Matthew G. Whitaker is a highly respected former U.S. Attorney from Iowa. He was chosen by Jeff Sessions to be his Chief of Staff. I did not know Mr. Whitaker. Likewise, as Chief, I did not know Mr. Whitaker except primarily as he traveled with A.G. Sessions. No social contact...
President Macron of France has just suggested that Europe build its own military in order to protect itself from the U.S., China and Russia. Very insulting, but perhaps Europe should first pay its fair share of NATO, which the U.S. subsidizes greatly!
Just out — in Arizona, SIGNATURES DON’T MATCH. Electoral corruption - Call for a new Election? We must protect our Democracy!
Thank you @marcorubio for helping to expose the potential corruption going on with respect to Election Theft in Broward and Palm Beach Counties. The WORLD is now watching closely!
In the 2016 Election I was winning by so much in Florida that Broward County, which was very late with vote tabulation and probably getting ready to do a “number,” couldn’t do it because not enough people live in Broward for them to falsify a victory!
Mayor Gillum conceded on Election Day and now Broward County has put him “back into play.” Bill Nelson conceded Election - now he’s back in play!? This is an embarrassment to our Country and to Democracy!
Rick Scott was up by 50,000+ votes on Election Day, now they “found” many votes and he is only up 15,000 votes. “The Broward Effect.” How come they never find Republican votes?
Jeff Flake(y) doesn’t want to protect the Non-Senate confirmed Special Counsel, he wants to protect his future after being unelectable in Arizona for the “crime” of doing a terrible job! A weak and ineffective guy!
As soon as Democrats sent their best Election stealing lawyer, Marc Elias, to Broward County they miraculously started finding Democrat votes. Don’t worry, Florida - I am sending much better lawyers to expose the FRAUD!
You mean they are just now finding votes in Florida and Georgia – but the Election was on Tuesday? Let’s blame the Russians and demand an immediate apology from President Putin!
.@BrianKempGA ran a great race in Georgia – he won. It is time to move on!
“Presidential Proclamation Addressing Mass Migration Through the Southern Border of the United States” https://t.co/9blzn1XGyS
Law Enforcement is looking into another big corruption scandal having to do with Election Fraud in #Broward and Palm Beach. Florida voted for Rick Scott!
....Great bravery shown by police. California Highway Patrol was on scene within 3 minutes, with first officer to enter shot numerous times. That Sheriff’s Sergeant died in the hospital. God bless all of the victims and families of the victims. Thank you to Law Enforcement.
I have been fully briefed on the terrible shooting in California. Law Enforcement and First Responders, together with the FBI, are on scene. 13 people, at this time, have been reported dead. Likewise, the shooter is dead, along with the first police officer to enter the bar....
....We thank Attorney General Jeff Sessions for his service, and wish him well! A permanent replacement will be nominated at a later date.
We are pleased to announce that Matthew G. Whitaker, Chief of Staff to Attorney General Jeff Sessions at the Department of Justice, will become our new Acting Attorney General of the United States. He will serve our Country well....
According to NBC News, Voters Nationwide Disapprove of the so-called Mueller Investigation (46%) more than they Approve (41%). You mean they are finally beginning to understand what a disgusting Witch Hunt, led by 17 Angry Democrats, is all about!
In all fairness, Nancy Pelosi deserves to be chosen Speaker of the House by the Democrats. If they give her a hard time, perhaps we will add some Republican votes. She has earned this great honor!
If the Democrats think they are going to waste Taxpayer Money investigating us at the House level, then we will likewise be forced to consider investigating them for all of the leaks of Classified Information, and much else, at the Senate level. Two can play that game!
To any of the pundits or talking heads that do not give us proper credit for this great Midterm Election, just remember two words - FAKE NEWS!
I will be doing a news conference at The White House - 11:30 A.M. Will be discussing our success in the Midterms!
Those that worked with me in this incredible Midterm Election, embracing certain policies and principles, did very well. Those that did not, say goodbye! Yesterday was such a very Big Win, and all under the pressure of a Nasty and Hostile Media!
Ron DeSantis showed great courage in his hard fought campaign to become the Governor of Florida. Congratulations to Ron and family!
Received so many Congratulations from so many on our Big Victory last night, including from foreign nations (friends) that were waiting me out, and hoping, on Trade Deals. Now we can all get back to work and get things done!
.@DavidAsmanfox  “How do the Democrats respond to this? Think of how his position with Republicans improves-all the candidates who won tonight. They realize how important he is because of what he did in campaigning for them. They owe him their political career.” Thanks, I agree!
....unbelievably lucky to have him and I’m just awed at how well they’ve done. It’s all the Trump magic - Trump is the magic man. Incredible, he’s got the entire media against him, attacking him every day, and he pulls out these enormous wins.” Ben Stein, “The Capitalist Code”
“There’s only been 5 times in the last 105 years that an incumbent President has won seats in the Senate in the off year election. Mr. Trump has magic about him. This guy has magic coming out of his ears. He is an astonishing vote getter &amp; campaigner. The Republicans are.........
Tremendous success tonight. Thank you to all!
Congressman Randy Hultgren (R) of Illinois is doing a great job. Get out and Vote for Randy - Total Endorsement!
Florida, very important - get out and vote for Florida Congressional Candidate Michael Waltz (R). He has my Strong Endorsement!
Epstein all the way in Michigan House 11. She is a wonderful person and, at the same time, a real fighter. Has my Strong Endorsement!
Bob Hugin, successful all of his life, would be a Great Senator from New Jersey. He has my complete and total Endorsement! Get out and Vote for Bob.
POLLING LOCATIONS: https://t.co/0pWiwCHGbh
Congressman Peter King of New York is a hardworking gem. Loves his Country and his State. Get out and VOTE for Peter!
There is a rumor, put out by the Democrats, that Josh Hawley of Missouri left the Arena last night early. It is Fake News. He met me at the plane when I arrived, spoke at the great Rally, &amp; stayed to the very end. In fact, I said goodbye to him and left before he did. Deception!
A fantastic evening in Cape Girardeau, Missouri. Josh @HawleyMO will be a tireless champion for YOU. He is great on jobs, great on tax cuts, and tough on crime. He shares your values, and he will always support our Military, Vets and Police! Get out tomorrow and VOTE for Josh!! https://t.co/YPB8nqX2d6
A vote for Claire McCaskill is a vote for Schumer, Pelosi, Waters, and their socialist agenda. Claire voted IN FAVOR of deadly Sanctuary Cities - she would rather protect criminal aliens than American citizens, which is why she needs to be voted out of office. Vote @HawleyMO! https://t.co/tn2zsEWQJ5
A fantastic evening in Girardeau, Missouri. Josh @HawleyMO will be a tireless champion for YOU. He is great on jobs, great on tax cuts, and tough on crime. He shares your values, and he will always support our Military, Vets and Police! Get out tomorrow and VOTE for Josh!! https://t.co/8zgyv5x2A6
You have been loyal and faithful to your Country, and now you have a President that is loyal and faithful to you. Get out tomorrow, and https://t.co/HfihPERFgZ! https://t.co/Fr6HlmA7y6
On my way, see you soon Cape Girardeau, Missouri! #MAGARally https://t.co/0pWiwCHGbh https://t.co/XZdgktuTmL
Massive crowd inside and outside the Allen County War Memorial Coliseum in Fort Wayne, Indiana! Thank you for joining us tonight - and make sure you get out and https://t.co/0pWiwCHGbh tomorrow! https://t.co/8APMivyM0x
There is only one way to stop this Democrat-Led assault on our sovereignty – you have to VOTE Republican TOMORROW! Polling locations: https://t.co/0pWiwCHGbh https://t.co/ggs0zcXaQu
Thank you Indiana! A vote for Mike @Braun4Indiana is a vote to keep your jobs going up, your wages going up, and your healthcare costs coming down. It’s a vote to keep your families safe &amp; to keep criminals, traffickers &amp; drug dealers OUT of our Country! Get out and for for Mike! https://t.co/3AE7WcHZej
Just landed in Fort Wayne, Indiana for a #MAGARally at the Allen County War Memorial Coliseum. See everyone soon! https://t.co/0pWiwCHGbh
Republicans have created the best economy in the HISTORY of our Country – and the hottest jobs market on planet earth. The Democrat Agenda is a Socialist Nightmare. The Republican Agenda is the AMERICAN DREAM! https://t.co/0pWiwCHGbh https://t.co/JfdM1p5xxY
Thank you Ohio! When you enter the voting booth tomorrow you will be making a simple choice. A vote for Republicans is a vote to continue our extraordinary prosperity. A vote for Dems is a vote to bring this Economic Boom crashing to a sudden, screeching halt. Vote @MikeDeWine! https://t.co/iai8bSEgBh
Something’s happening America! Get out tomorrow and https://t.co/0pWiwCHGbh so together, we can KEEP MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!! https://t.co/zajBieMWpl
“Bill Nelson is kind of an empty figure in Washington. You never hear his name, he’s never in debates on key issues - he is just under the radar.” Chris Wallace on @FoxNews  In other words, Nelson is a “stiff.”
Law Enforcement has been strongly notified to watch closely for any ILLEGAL VOTING which may take place in Tuesday’s Election (or Early Voting). Anyone caught will be subject to the Maximum Criminal Penalties allowed by law. Thank you!
REMEMBER FLORIDA: I have been President of the United States for almost two years. During that time Senator Bill Nelson didn’t call me once. Rick Scott called constantly requesting dollars plus for Florida. Did a GREAT job on hurricanes. VOTE SCOTT!
So funny to see the CNN Fake Suppression Polls and false rhetoric. Watch for real results Tuesday. We are lucky CNN’s ratings are so low. Don’t fall for the Suppression Game. Go out &amp; VOTE. Remember, we now have perhaps the greatest Economy (JOBS) in the history of our Country!
I need @claudiatenney of #NY22 to be re-elected in order to get our big plans moving. Her opponent would be a disaster. Nobody works harder than Claudia, and she is a producer. I look forward to working together with her - she has my Strongest Endorsement! Vote Claudia!
No matter what she says, Senator Claire McCaskill will always vote against us and the Great State of Missouri! Vote for Josh Hawley - he will be a great Senator!
If @AndrewGillum did the same job with Florida that he has done in Tallahassee as Mayor, the State will be a crime ridden, overtaxed mess. @RonDeSantisFL will be a great Governor. VOTE!!!!!!
.@DebbieStabenow voted against Tax Cuts, great Healthcare, Supreme Court Justices and all of the many things the people of Michigan wanted and need. She is an automatic far left vote, controlled by her bosses. John James can be a truly great Senator!
Dana Rohrabacher has been a great Congressman for his District and for the people of Cal. He works hard and is respected by all - he produces! Dems are desperate to replace Dana by spending vast sums to elect a super liberal who is weak on Crime and bad for our Military &amp; Vets!
John James, running as a Republican for the Senate from Michigan, is a spectacular young star of the future. We should make him a star of the present. A distinguished West Point Grad and Vet, people should Vote Out Schumer Puppet Debbie Stabenow, who does nothing for Michigan!
In just 2 days, the people of Tennessee are going to elect @VoteMarsha Blackburn to the United States Senate to protect your jobs, defend your borders, and CONTINUE MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Get out on Tuesday and VOTE for Marsha! https://t.co/BJhmItntMo
Thank you for joining us tonight in Tennessee, @TheLeeGreenwood. GOD BLESS THE U.S.A.! https://t.co/hfxi4Ct6Pv
Great to be back in Tennessee. On our way to the McKenzie Arena in Chattanooga for a huge #MAGARally - see everyone soon! https://t.co/RwZt5yGuE5
Thank you Macon, Georgia! Get out on Tuesday, November 6th and VOTE for @BrianKempGA as your next Governor to protect your jobs, defend your borders, fight for your values, and continue MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! https://t.co/Hzbqw35oNM
On my way to Macon, Georgia where the crowds are massive, for a 4pmE #MAGARally. Will be in Chattanooga, Tennessee tonight, seen below, for a 7pmE rally. Something’s happening! Everyone needs to get out and VOTE! https://t.co/xBXepwpug9
WOW - Departing the White House shortly. See you soon Georgia! #MAGA https://t.co/Lk0SoU8pie https://t.co/Sn9D9o4fNZ
New Fox Poll shows a “40% Approval Rating by African Americans for President Trump, a record for Republicans.” Thank you, a great honor!
Unbelievable crowd in Florida tonight. Get out and VOTE! #MAGA???? https://t.co/zpLkAko8If
If you want to protect criminal aliens – VOTE DEMOCRAT. If you want to protect Law-Abiding Americans – VOTE REPUBLICAN! https://t.co/0pWiwCHGbh https://t.co/2YoXSWT0Px
.@DannyTarkanian is a great guy and a team player. He will represent his District, State and Country at the highest level. Danny is strong on Military, our Vets, Second Amendment and all of the things that we so strongly stand for. Vote for Danny - he has my Strong Endorsement!
Another fantastic #MAGARally tonight in the Great State of Florida. In just 3 days, the People of Florida are going to elect @ScottforFlorida and @RonDeSantisFL to protect your jobs, defend your BORDERS, and CONTINUE MAKING AMERICA  GREAT AGAIN! https://t.co/0pWiwCHGbh???? https://t.co/sS78uyafOG
Heading to Pensacola, Florida - will be there soon. Amazing lines of people wanting to get in - what a crowd! Is this a sign of Republican Strength on Tuesday? https://t.co/te7RHdAeKA
Governor @DougDucey of Arizona is doing a great job. Doug is strong on Crime, the Border, and our Second Amendment. Loves our Military &amp; our Vets. Vote for Doug, he has my full and Complete Endorsement!
....Lake Okeechobee and all of the hurricane money were a passion for Rick Scott, who called endlessly on behalf of the People of Florida. Vote @ScottforFlorida!
In all the time I’ve been President, almost two years, never once did Senator Bill Nelson call me to ask for help for the Great State of Florida. I never see him until election time....
Rumor has it that Senator Joe Donnelly of Indiana is paying for Facebook ads for his so-called opponent on the libertarian ticket. Donnelly is trying to steal the election? Isn’t that what Russia did!?
Arizona is such a Great State but it needs Border Security which @MarthaMcSally will provide, and Krysten Sinema doesn’t even think about. If it were up to Sinema - drugs, crime and illegal traffic will be flowing into Arizona at an ever increasing pace. Vote for Martha!
If Chuck Schumer and Nancy Pelosi gain the majority, they will try to raise your taxes, restore job-killing regulations, shut down your coal mines and timber mills, take away your healthcare, impose socialism, and ERASE your borders. VOTE for @MattForMontana and @GregForMontana! https://t.co/aDnCQKY7QD
Landing in Montana now - at least everybody admits that my lines and crowds are far bigger than Barack Obama’s... https://t.co/PCibGjS209
New York, get out and VOTE for @JohnFasoNy, a great and hardworking Congressman. We need John’s voice in D.C. His opponent just moved to the area - is Pro-Iran and Anti-Israel. Vote for John. Has my Strong Endorsement!
Get out and VOTE for @DeanHeller! https://t.co/4HEkpQL3oy
A vicious accuser of Justice Kavanaugh has just admitted that she was lying, her story was totally made up, or FAKE! Can you imagine if he didn’t become a Justice of the Supreme Court because of her disgusting False Statements. What about the others? Where are the Dems on this?
Thank you to @PeteHegseth and @KatiePavlich for your nice, and very wise, statements on the Economy. You both really get it! @foxandfriends
A vicious accuser of Justice Kavanough has just admitted that she was lying, her story was totally made up, or FAKE! Can you imagine if he didn’t become a Justice of the Supreme Court because of her disgusting False Statements. What about the others? Where are the Dems on this?
Heading to Montana and Florida today! Everyone is excited about the Jobs Numbers - 250,000 new jobs in October. Also, wages rising. Wow!
Indiana Rally, and Coach Bobby Knight, were incredible last night. Packed House in Honor of Mike Braun for Senate. Mike will be a GREAT Senator. Don’t forget to VOTE!
Congresswoman Maxine Waters was called the most Corrupt Member of Congress! @FoxNews If Dems win, she would be put in charge of our Country’s finances. The beginning of the end!
Scott Perry of Pennsylvania is fantastic. He is strong on the Border, Crime, the Military, our Vets and the Second Amendment. Scott has my Total Endorsement!
Massive #MAGARally????tonight in Indiana, thank you. Everyone get out and https://t.co/0pWiwCHGbh! https://t.co/5jVFO6SIsz
Republicans believe our Country should be a Sanctuary for law-abiding Americans – not criminal aliens. And Republicans will ALWAYS stand with the HEROES of @ICEgov, @CBP, and Law Enforcement! https://t.co/jmnmO26Yb3
In just 4 days, the people of Indiana are going to send Mike @braun4indiana to the United States Senate, so we can keep MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Get out and VOTE!! https://t.co/dO3Nr8nuJi
I need the people of West Virginia to send a message to Chuck Schumer, Maxine Waters, Nancy Pelosi and the Radical Democrats by voting for Carol Miller and Patrick Morrisey!
Just landed - will see everyone in Southport, Indiana shortly! #MAGARally???? https://t.co/zmapQS70CG
THANK YOU WEST VIRGINIA! https://t.co/0pWiwCHGbh https://t.co/KmrMAt4Cea
JOBS, JOBS, JOBS! #MAGA https://t.co/ZqPjsPUX0t
Fantastic #MAGARally????in West Virginia, thank you. Everyone get out and VOTE for Patrick @MorriseyWV and @CarolMillerWV! https://t.co/N8CQeLmSad
https://t.co/nk2vKvHuaL
Will be going to West Virginia and Indiana today, TWO RALLIES! Don’t tell anyone (big secret), but I will be bringing Coach Bobby Knight to Indiana. He’s been a supporter right from the beginning of the Greatest Political Movement in American History!
Wow! The U.S. added 250,000 Jobs in October - and this was despite the hurricanes. Unemployment at 3.7%. Wages UP! These are incredible numbers. Keep it going, Vote Republican!
I love you Missouri! Under Republican leadership, America is BOOMING, America is THRIVING, and America is WINNING - because we are finally putting AMERICA FIRST. Get out and VOTE Josh @HawleyMO for the United States Senate! #MAGA???? https://t.co/opp35qPPy3
Beautiful evening at a #MAGARally with great American Patriots. Loyal citizens like you helped build this Country and together, we are taking back this Country – returning power to YOU, the AMERICAN PEOPLE. Get out and https://t.co/0pWiwCHGbh! https://t.co/9nCTLdFVW4 https://t.co/wBOUVedVtT
Together, we are Making America Safe and Great Again! https://t.co/0pWiwCHGbh https://t.co/rWl5aSpY3O
On my way to Columbia, Missouri for a #MAGARally. Look forward to seeing everyone soon! https://t.co/0pWiwCHGbh https://t.co/oD6v3E13bk
Illegal immigration affects the lives of all Americans. Illegal Immigration hurts American workers, burdens American taxpayers, undermines public safety, and places enormous strain on local schools, hospitals and communities...https://t.co/eN1IqPNBJY
....His opponent, Jared Polis, is weak on crime and weak on borders – could never do the job. Get out and VOTE – Walker has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
.@WalkerStapleton will be an extraordinary Governor for the State of Colorado. He is strong, smart, and has been successful at everything he has ever done....
Thank you to Rick Breckenridge and congratulations to Matt Rosendale (@MattForMontana). This is very big - see you in Montana on Saturday! Tickets: https://t.co/zX9sj0qUzN https://t.co/UWuHHs6Y0u
Just had a long and very good conversation with President Xi Jinping of China. We talked about many subjects, with a heavy emphasis on Trade. Those discussions are moving along nicely with meetings being scheduled at the G-20 in Argentina. Also had good discussion on North Korea!
That’s because they treat me fairly!“@FoxNews tops @CNN and @MSNBC combined in October cable news ratings” https://t.co/QX56Pwlmj4
Fantastic evening in Florida with great PATRIOTS at a beautiful #MAGARally. Get out and https://t.co/0pWiwCq4MH so we can continue MAKING AMERICA SAFE &amp; GREAT AGAIN! https://t.co/c3fqrEdzFU https://t.co/VrmaMHPhl3
THANK YOU FLORIDA! Get out and VOTE Republican! #MAGA????https://t.co/v3hpKOPBik
It is outrageous what the Democrats are doing to our Country. Vote Republican now! https://t.co/0pWiwCHGbh https://t.co/2crea9HF7G
#JOBSNOTMOBS! VOTE REPUBLICAN NOW!! https://t.co/wso9ZHIvyF
Yesterday in Pittsburgh I was really impressed with Congressman Keith Rothfus (far more so than any other local political figure). His sincere level of compassion, grief and sorrow for the events that took place was, in its own way, very inspiring. Vote for Keith!
Harry Reid, when he was sane, agreed with us on Birthright Citizenship! https://t.co/ypiE1QWKag
Paul Ryan should be focusing on holding the Majority rather than giving his opinions on Birthright Citizenship, something he knows nothing about! Our new Republican Majority will work on this, Closing the Immigration Loopholes and Securing our Border!
Republicans will protect people with pre-existing conditions far better than the Dems!
“Donald Trump has made good on his promises, and it drives Democrats Crazy!” Brad Blakeman @FoxNews
The World is using our laws to our detriment. They laugh at the Stupidity they see!
....Harry Reid was right in 1993, before he and the Democrats went insane and started with the Open Borders (which brings massive Crime) “stuff.” Don’t forget the nasty term Anchor Babies. I will keep our Country safe. This case will be settled by the United States Supreme Court!
So-called Birthright Citizenship, which costs our Country billions of dollars and is very unfair to our citizens, will be ended one way or the other. It is not covered by the 14th Amendment because of the words “subject to the jurisdiction thereof.” Many legal scholars agree.....
Melania and I were treated very nicely yesterday in Pittsburgh. The Office of the President was shown great respect on a very sad &amp; solemn day. We were treated so warmly. Small protest was not seen by us, staged far away. The Fake News stories were just the opposite-Disgraceful! https://t.co/9B9HgCF1G9
Stock Market up more than 400 points yesterday. Today looks to be another good one. Companies earnings are great!
Melania and I were treated very nicely yesterday in Pittsburgh. The Office of the President was shown great respect on a very sad and solemn day. We were treaty so warmly. Small protest was not seen by us, staged far away. The Fake News stories were just the opposite-Disgraceful!
Our military is being mobilized at the Southern Border. Many more troops coming. We will NOT let these Caravans, which are also made up of some very bad thugs and gang members, into the U.S. Our Border is sacred, must come in legally. TURN AROUND!
The Caravans are made up of some very tough fighters and people. Fought back hard and viciously against Mexico at Northern Border before breaking through. Mexican soldiers hurt, were unable, or unwilling to stop Caravan. Should stop them before they reach our Border, but won’t!
Congressman @KevinYoder has fought hard for the People of Kansas. Highly respected, strong on Crime, the Border, Military, Vets and Second Amendment. Kevin has my Total Endorsement!
.@MikeDeWine will be a great Governor for the People of Ohio. He is an outstanding man who loves his State – and always produces big....
....Richard Cordray will let you down, just like he did when he destroyed the government agency that he ran. Clone of Pocahontas, that’s not for Ohio. Mike has my Total Endorsement!
Just out: Consumer Confidence hits highest level since 2000.
“If the Fed backs off and starts talking a little more Dovish, I think we’re going to be right back to our 2,800 to 2,900 target range that we’ve had for the S&amp;P 500.” Scott Wren, Wells Fargo.
The Stock Market is up massively since the Election, but is now taking a little pause - people want to see what happens with the Midterms. If you want your Stocks to go down, I strongly suggest voting Democrat. They like the Venezuela financial model, High Taxes &amp; Open Borders!
Congressman Kevin Brady of Texas is so popular in his District, and far beyond, that he doesn’t need any help - but I am giving it to him anyway. He is a great guy and the absolute “King” of Cutting Taxes. Highly respected by all, he loves his State &amp; Country. Strong Endorsement!
Congressman Andy Barr of Kentucky, who just had a great debate with his Nancy Pelosi run opponent, has been a winner for his State. Strong on Crime, the Border, Tax Cuts, Military, Vets and 2nd Amendment, we need Andy in D.C. He has my Strong Endorsement!
.@Erik_Paulsen, @Jason2CD, @JimHagedornMN and @PeteStauber love our Country and the Great State of Minnesota. They are winners and always get the job done. We need them all in Congress for #MAGA. Border, Military, Vets, 2nd A. Go Vote Minnesota. They have my Strong Endorsement!
Congressman @DaveBratVA7th is a fighter who is doing a great job for Virginia and for our Country. Border, Military, Vets, 2nd Amendment and all else. We need Dave in D.C. He has my Strong Endorsement!
.@Erik_Paulsen, @Jason2CD, @JimHagedornMN and @PeteStauber love our Country and the Great State of Minnesota. They are winners and always get the job done We need them all in Congress for #MAGA. Border, Military, Vets, 2nd A. Go Vote Minnesota. They have my Strong Endorsement!
Congresswoman @cathymcmorris of Washington State is an incredible leader who is respected by everyone in Congress. We need her badly in D.C. to keep building on #MAGA. She has my Strong Endorsement!
Congressman @RodBlum of Iowa got a desperately needed Flood Wall for Cedar Rapids that was almost impossible to get. He makes a BIG difference for Iowa! Border, Military, Vets etc. We need Rod in D.C. He has my Strong Endorsement!
.@Denver4VA of the 5th District in Virginia is a popular guy who really knows how to get the job done! Really big help with Tax Cuts, the Military and our great Vets. He has my Total Endorsement!
.@ErikPaulson, @JasonLewis, @JimHagedornMN and @PeteStauber love our Country and the Great State of Minnesota. They are winners and always get the job done We need them all in Congress for #MAGA. Border, Military, Vets, 2nd A. Go Vote Minnesota. They have my Strong Endorsement!
Congressman @DenverRiggleman of the 5th District in Virginia is a popular guy who really knows how to get the job done! Really big help with Tax Cuts, the Military and our great Vets. He has my Total Endorsement!
.@Troy_Balderson is doing a great job as Congressman from Ohio. We need him in D.C. Vote for Troy - He has my total Endorsement!
.@troybalderson is doing a great job as Congressman from Ohio. We need him in D.C. Vote for Troy - He has my total Endorsement!
So Revealing! https://t.co/wR0Z4694ei
I will be interviewed by Laura Ingraham  tonight at 10:00 P.M. on @FoxNews
Check out tweets from last two days. I refer to Fake News Media when mentioning Enemy of the People - but dishonest reporters use only the word “Media.” The people of our Great Country are angry and disillusioned at receiving so much Fake News. They get it, and fully understand!
CNN and others in the Fake News Business keep purposely and inaccurately reporting that I said the “Media is the Enemy of the People.” Wrong! I said that the “Fake News (Media) is the Enemy of the People,” a very big difference. When you give out false information - not good!
Great job being done by Congressman Keith Rothfus of Pennsylvania. Thank you Keith!
In Florida there is a choice between a Harvard/Yale educated man named @RonDeSantisFL who has been a great Congressman and will be a great Governor - and a Dem who is a thief and who is Mayor of poorly run Tallahassee, said to be one of the most corrupt cities in the Country!
Many Gang Members and some very bad people are mixed into the Caravan heading to our Southern Border. Please go back, you will not be admitted into the United States unless you go through the legal process. This is an invasion of our Country and our Military is waiting for you!
Had a very good conversation with the newly elected President of Brazil, Jair Bolsonaro, who won his race by a substantial margin. We agreed that Brazil and the United States will work closely together on Trade, Military and everything else! Excellent call, wished him congrats!
....of Anger and Outrage and we will then be able to bring all sides together in Peace and Harmony. Fake News Must End!
There is great anger in our Country caused in part by inaccurate, and even fraudulent, reporting of the news. The Fake News Media, the true Enemy of the People, must stop the open &amp; obvious hostility &amp; report the news accurately &amp; fairly. That will do much to put out the flame...
The Fake News is doing everything in their power to blame Republicans, Conservatives and me for the division and hatred that has been going on for so long in our Country. Actually, it is their Fake &amp; Dishonest reporting which is causing problems far greater than they understand!
Just watched Wacky Tom Steyer, who I have not seen in action before, be interviewed by @jaketapper. He comes off as a crazed &amp; stumbling lunatic who should be running out of money pretty soon. As bad as their field is, if he is running for President, the Dems will eat him alive!
Thank you to Steve Rogers, FBI Joint Terror Task Force (Ret), for his very kind and generous remarks about me and my relationship to Law Enforcement. @JudgeJeanine
Very interesting! https://t.co/ZmSA4v5fKi
Watching the Dodgers/Red Sox final innings. It is amazing how a manager takes out a pitcher who is loose &amp; dominating through almost 7 innings, Rich Hill of Dodgers, and brings in nervous reliever(s) who get shellacked. 4 run lead gone. Managers do it all the time, big mistake!
All of America is in mourning over the mass murder of Jewish Americans at the Tree of Life Synagogue in Pittsburgh. We pray for those who perished and their loved ones, and our hearts go out to the brave police officers who sustained serious injuries...
...This evil Anti-Semitic attack is an assault on humanity. It will take all of us working together to extract the poison of Anti-Semitism from our world. We must unite to conquer hate.
As you know, earlier today there was a horrific shooting targeting and killing Jewish Americans at the Tree of Life Synagogue in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The shooter is in custody, and federal authorities have been dispatched to support state and local police... https://t.co/WqO7GfPyMT
Events in Pittsburgh are far more devastating than originally thought. Spoke with Mayor and Governor to inform them that the Federal Government has been, and will be, with them all the way. I will speak to the media shortly and make further statement at Future Farmers of America.
Watching the events unfolding in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. Law enforcement on the scene. People in Squirrel Hill area should remain sheltered. Looks like multiple fatalities. Beware of active shooter. God Bless All!
#Walkaway  Walkaway from the Democrat Party movement marches today in D.C. Congratulations to Brandon Straka for starting something very special. @foxandfriends
Budd and Mark, two great patriots for Congress! https://t.co/xx0cqUf7wj
Martha McSally is a great warrior, her opponent a Nancy Pelosi Wacko! https://t.co/QEUdPWDDud
Thank you Charlie! https://t.co/U2Nt1h7A3X
Good luck Mary! https://t.co/qEBpqS0vli
A big change is coming - don’t want the Dems anymore! https://t.co/O6wp2gjPUY
Trump Thunders at Media for Smearing His Supporters after Bomb Scares https://t.co/Ggdhs9reY3 via @BreitbartNews
Fantastic evening in Charlotte, North Carolina with great PATRIOTS. Get out and VOTE for @buddforcongress and @MarkHarrisNC9! https://t.co/0pWiwCHGbh #MAGARally replay: https://t.co/bKVTylqDvE https://t.co/O1QiZSw4cU
If you meet every day with optimism – if you confront every obstacle with determination – if you refuse to give up, if you never quit, if you face every challenge with confidence and pride – then there is no goal you cannot achieve, and no dream beyond your reach! #YBLS2018 https://t.co/Uqmw5fLmxW
It was my great honor, thank you! https://t.co/U2Nt1hpaVv
Whether you are African-American, Hispanic-American or ANY AMERICAN at all – you have the right to live in a Country that puts YOUR NEEDS FIRST! https://t.co/hwDICbpOT7
It is my great honor to be with so many brilliant, courageous, patriotic, and PROUD AMERICANS. Seeing all of you here today fills me with extraordinary confidence in America’s future. Each of you is taking part in the Young Black Leadership Summit because you are true leaders... https://t.co/lIlZBxKjuG
I want to applaud the FBI, Secret Service, Department of Justice, the U.S. Attorneys’ Office for the Southern District of New York, the NYPD, and all Law Enforcement partners across the Country for their incredible work, skill and determination!
I would like to begin today’s remarks by providing an update on the packages and devices that have been mailed to high-profile figures throughout our Country, and a media org. I am pleased to inform you that law enforcement has apprehended the suspect and taken him into custody. https://t.co/UFjwjjUkLd
I will be speaking at the Young Black Leadership Summit in 15 minutes where I will address the investigation into the bomb packages.
Republicans are doing so well in early voting, and at the polls, and now this “Bomb” stuff happens and the momentum greatly slows - news not talking politics. Very unfortunate, what is going on. Republicans, go out and vote!
Twitter has removed many people from my account and, more importantly, they have seemingly done something that makes it much harder to join - they have stifled growth to a point where it is obvious to all. A few weeks ago it was a Rocket Ship, now it is a Blimp! Total Bias?
The United States has been spending Billions of Dollars a year on Illegal Immigration. This will not continue. Democrats must give us the votes to pass strong (but fair) laws. If not, we will be forced to play a much tougher hand.
Funny how lowly rated CNN, and others, can criticize me at will, even blaming me for the current spate of Bombs and ridiculously comparing this to September 11th and the Oklahoma City bombing, yet when I criticize them they go wild and scream, “it’s just not Presidential!”
The Service Members who died that day included brave young Marines just out of high school, accomplished officers in the middle of their military careers, and enlisted men who had served in theaters all over the world... https://t.co/82Wkru7JAb
In 1983, roughly 1,800 Marines were in Beirut to keep the peace in a Nation torn apart by Civil War. Terrorists had bombed the U.S. Embassy earlier that year, killing 63 people, including 17 Americans... https://t.co/Mp73AYv7J0
We are gathered together on this solemn occasion to fulfill our most reverent and sacred duty. 35 years ago, 241 American service members were murdered in the terrorist attack on our Marine Barracks in Beirut, Lebanon. Today, we honor our fallen heroes... https://t.co/zPgjSFj9BM
.@BrucePoliquin from Maine is a great Congressman. He is in a tough fight against a very liberal Nancy Pelosi Democrat. Bruce has helped bring JOBS back to his State and totally protects your Great Second Amendment. We need to keep Bruce in Washington. He has my Full Endorsement!
.@MikeDunleavyGov will make a fantastic Governor of Alaska. Mike is for Energy and Jobs, is tough on Crime, loves our Vets and our Great Second Amendment. Mike has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
.@LloydSmuckerPA is doing a great job for the people of Pennsylvania. He is strong on the Border, Crime, the Military, our Vets and the 2nd Amendment. Lloyd has my Total Endorsement!
.@Troy_Balderson of Ohio is doing a great job as your Congressman, already very respected in Washington. Get out and VOTE for Troy - we need him – great guy – has my Total Endorsement!
.@JohnChrin of Pennsylvania is fantastic. He is strong on the Border, Crime, the Military, our Vets and the 2nd Amendment. He is a powerful vote for #MAGA and loves the Great State of Pennsylvania. Please get out and vote for John, he has my Total and very Strong Endorsement!
...I agree with their stance 100%, and the United States is likewise taking a very hard line on illegal immigration. The Prime Minister is working very hard on the economy of Italy - he will be successful!
Just spoke with Prime Minister @GiuseppeConteIT of Italy concerning many subjects, including the fact that Italy is now taking a very hard line on illegal immigration...
Spoke with French President @EmmanuelMacron this morning. Discussed many topics including the very exciting upcoming visit to Paris where @FLOTUS Melania and I will attend the Armistice Day Centennial Commemoration!
To those in the Caravan, turnaround, we are not letting people into the United States illegally. Go back to your Country and if you want, apply for citizenship like millions of others are doing!
“Remarks by President Trump on a Year of Historic Progress and Action to Combat the Opioid Crisis” https://t.co/YBTzMSOozW https://t.co/njGYwHff4t
The New York Times has a new Fake Story that now the Russians and Chinese (glad they finally added China) are listening to all of my calls on cellphones. Except that I rarely use a cellphone, &amp; when I do it’s government authorized. I like Hard Lines. Just more made up Fake News!
A very big part of the Anger we see today in our society is caused by the purposely false and inaccurate reporting of the Mainstream Media that I refer to as Fake News. It has gotten so bad and hateful that it is beyond description. Mainstream Media must clean up its act, FAST!
Brandon Judd of the National Border Patrol Council is right when he says on @foxandfriends that the Democrat inspired laws make it tough for us to stop people at the Border. MUST BE CHANDED, but I am bringing out the military for this National Emergency. They will be stopped!
The so-called experts on Trump over at the New York Times wrote a long and boring article on my cellphone usage that is so incorrect I do not have time here to correct it. I only use Government Phones, and have only one seldom used government cell phone. Story is soooo wrong!
Just leaving Wisconsin. @ScottWalker and @LeahVukmir are fantastic people, badly needed for our Country! #MAGA https://t.co/6dLOBO6UQy
Just arrived in Wisconsin to help two great people, @ScottWalker and @LeahVukmir! https://t.co/Pu1Yyl5K0G
The safety of the American People is my highest priority. I have just concluded a briefing with the FBI, Department of Justice, Department of Homeland Security, and the U.S. Secret Service... https://t.co/nEUBcq4NOh
I agree wholeheartedly! https://t.co/ndzu0A30vU
Republicans will totally protect people with Pre-Existing Conditions, Democrats will not! Vote Republican.
Brian Kemp will be a GREAT Governor of Georgia. Stacey Abrams will destroy the State. Sooooo important, get out and VOTE for Brian!
We are a great Sovereign Nation. We have Strong Borders and will never accept people coming into our Country illegally!
For those who want and advocate for illegal immigration, just take a good look at what has happened to Europe over the last 5 years. A total mess! They only wish they had that decision to make over again.
I agree with President Obama 100%! https://t.co/PI3aW1Zh5Q
Billions of dollars are, and will be, coming into United States coffers because of Tariffs. Great also for negotiations - if a country won’t give us a fair Trade Deal, we will institute Tariffs on them. Used or not, jobs and businesses will be created. U.S. respected again!
#JobsNotMobs https://t.co/0pWiwCHGbh https://t.co/DsJ82fArcq
https://t.co/6R85sd4LLD
Congressman John Faso of New York has worked hard and smart. Strong on Crime, Borders and our 2nd Amendment, John is respected by all. Vote for John. He has my complete and total Endorsement!
The people of Puerto Rico are wonderful but the inept politicians are trying to use the massive and ridiculously high amounts of hurricane/disaster funding to pay off other obligations. The U.S. will NOT  bail out long outstanding &amp; unpaid obligations with hurricane relief money!
Jay Webber of New Jersey, running for Congress, is doing a great job against a person who is looking to raise Taxes substantially. Jay wants big Tax Cuts and Changes. A Harvard graduate and father of seven, Jay will be great for New Jersey and get the job done-and I will help!
Congressman Erik Paulsen of the Great State of Minnesota has done a fantastic job in cutting Taxes and Job Killing Regulations. Hard working and very smart. Keep Erik in Congress. He has my Strong Endorsement!
We send our deepest condolences to @RepLouBarletta and the entire Barletta family, on the passing of his brother. Lou has been working so hard despite this terrible situation for the people of Pennsylvania. Our thoughts and prayers are with Lou and the entire Barletta family!
Today’s Democrat Party would rather protect criminal aliens than AMERICAN CITIZENS - which is why the Democrats must be voted OUT of OFFICE! #JobsNotMobs https://t.co/0pWiwCq4MH https://t.co/axUEOzBAsZ
At stake in this Election is whether we continue the extraordinary prosperity we have achieved - or whether we let the Radical Democrat Mob take a giant wrecking ball to our Country and our Economy! #JobsNotMobs https://t.co/POhRivI1BZ
We send our deepest condolences to Lou and the entire Barletta family - he has been working so hard despite this terrible situation for the people of Pennsylvania. Our thoughts and prayers are with you Lou!
THANK YOU HOUSTON, TEXAS. Get out and https://t.co/0pWiwCHGbh! #JobsNotMobs https://t.co/JXiFjDFH6R https://t.co/Ebc1JfgUys
https://t.co/flKQuv9MnX
Massive crowds inside and outside of the @ToyotaCenter in Houston, Texas. Landing shortly - see everyone soon! #MAGA????https://t.co/0pWiwCq4MH https://t.co/tj5S6Z2GY7
Let’s go FLORIDA! https://t.co/0pWiwCq4MH https://t.co/6kaVM1TaiB
Last day to register to VOTE in Alabama, California, South Dakota and Wyoming! #JobsNotMobs https://t.co/0pWiwCq4MH https://t.co/hmQgqgmbyE
WOW - thank you Houston, Texas! I am departing @Andrews_JBA now. See you in a few hours!! #MAGA???? https://t.co/UxZCo19cxT
The Fake News Media has been talking about recent approval ratings of me by countries around the world, including the European Union, as being very low....
....I say of course they’re low - because for the first time in 50 years I am making them pay a big price for doing business with America. Why should they like me? — But I still like them!
“America: the Cleanest Air in the World - BY FAR!” https://t.co/rMtxHSnof4
“Shock report: US paying more for illegal immigrant births than Trump’s wall” https://t.co/FX3ljN7kPS
Big Night In Texas!!!!
Guatemala, Honduras and El Salvador were not able to do the job of stopping people from leaving their country and coming illegally to the U.S. We will now begin cutting off, or substantially reducing, the massive foreign aid routinely given to them.
Every time you see a Caravan, or people illegally coming, or attempting to come, into our Country illegally, think of and blame the Democrats for not giving us the votes to change our pathetic Immigration Laws! Remember the Midterms! So unfair to those who come in legally.
Sadly, it looks like Mexico’s Police and Military are unable to stop the Caravan heading to the Southern Border of the United States. Criminals and unknown Middle Easterners are mixed in. I have alerted Border Patrol and Military that this is a National Emergy. Must change laws!
Congressman Tom Reed of New York’s 23rd District has done a great job. He has my complete and total Endorsement!
Ron @RonDeSantisFL DeSantis had a great debate victory tonight against Andrew Gillum, a mayor who presides over one of the worst run, and most corrupt, cities in Florida. Ron will build on the great job done by Governor Rick Scott. Gillum will make Florida the next Venezuela!
Facebook has just stated that they are setting up a system to “purge” themselves of Fake News. Does that mean CNN will finally be put out of business?
Best Jobs Numbers in the history of our great Country! Many other things likewise. So why wouldn’t we win the Midterms? Dems can never do even nearly as well! Think of what will happen to your now beautiful 401-k’s!
The Caravans are a disgrace to the Democrat Party. Change the immigration laws NOW!
Full efforts are being made to stop the onslaught of illegal aliens from crossing our Souther Border. People have to apply for asylum in Mexico first, and if they fail to do that, the U.S. will turn them away. The courts are asking the U.S. to do things that are not doable!
Watched North Dakota’s Rep. Kevin Cramer easily win debate with Senator Heidi Heitkamp. Great job Kevin, you will be a great Senator!
All levels of government and Law Enforcement are watching carefully for VOTER FRAUD, including during EARLY VOTING. Cheat at your own peril. Violators will be subject to maximum penalties, both civil and criminal!
Beautiful afternoon in Elko, Nevada. Thank you! Get out and VOTE TODAY!! #MAGA????#JobsNotMobs https://t.co/0pWiwCq4MH https://t.co/AKfGzjrqCM
Heading to Nevada to help a man who has become a good friend, Senator Dean Heller. He is all about #MAGA and I need his Help and Talent in Washington. Also, Adam Laxalt will be a GREAT GOVERNOR, and has my complete and total Endorsement. Winners Both!
Leaving Arizona after a fantastic Rally last night, in Mesa, honoring, and for, Martha @RepMcSally McSally. She is an inspiration &amp; will be a GREAT SENATOR for the people of Arizona. Her opponent is a Nancy Pelosi puppet, really bad for State. Early Voting NOW! Will be back soon.
Rick Scott is known as easily one of the best Governors in the USA. Florida is setting records in almost every category of success. Amazing achievement-the envy of the World. Ron DeSantis will build on this success. His incompetent opponent will destroy Florida - next Venezuela!
Ron @RonDeSantisFL DeSantis is working hard. A great Congressman and top student at Harvard &amp; Yale, Ron will be a record setting governor for Florida. Rick Scott gave him tremendous foundations to further build on. His opponent runs one of the worst &amp; most corrupt cities in USA!
Get out and Early Vote for Brian Kemp. He will be a GREAT GOVERNOR for the State of Georgia!
Georgia Secretary of State Brian Kemp will be a great governor. He has been successful at whatever he has done, and has prepared for this very difficult and complex job for many years. He has my Strong Endorsement. His opponent is totally unqualified. Would destroy a great state!
If the Democrats would stop being obstructionists and come together, we could write up and agree to new immigration laws in less than one hour. Look at the needless  pain and suffering that they are causing. Look at the horrors taking place on the Border. Chuck &amp; Nancy, call me!
Beautiful evening in Mesa, Arizona with GREAT PATRIOTS - thank you! https://t.co/0pWiwCq4MH #MAGARally????replay: https://t.co/6vHEaB37VH https://t.co/pHmU6pMKh7
This was outside of the massive totally full hangar tonight in Mesa, Arizona! https://t.co/0pWiwCq4MH #MAGA???? https://t.co/7mx98y515I
On my way - see you all shortly! https://t.co/0pWiwCq4MH https://t.co/ahDmLiwPZi
WOW - Mesa, Arizona! Look forward to joining everyone soon. Something’s happening!! #MAGA???? https://t.co/z6LNGYoICO
This is what it is all about for the Republican Party! #JobsNotMobs https://t.co/8OabccPec5
#JobsNotMobs! https://t.co/U1suRW5j6G
Beto O’Rourke is a total lightweight compared to Ted Cruz, and he comes nowhere near representing the values and desires of the people of the Great State of Texas. He will never be allowed to turn Texas into Venezuela!
Secretary of State Mike Pompeo was never given or shown a Transcript or Video of the Saudi Consulate event. FAKE NEWS!
When referring to the USA, I will always capitalize the word Country!
Congressman Andy Biggs is doing a great job for Arizona and our Country! https://t.co/V561vXRpzx
#JobsNotMobs!
Jon Tester says one thing to voters and does the EXACT OPPOSITE in Washington. Tester takes his orders form Pelosi &amp; Schumer. Tester wants to raise your taxes, take away your 2A, open your borders, and deliver MOB RULE. Retire Tester &amp; Elect America-First Patriot Matt Rosendale!
Thank you Missoula, Montana. Get out and VOTE for @MattForMontana and @GregForMontana!! #MAGA????https://t.co/6XgaceUu1e https://t.co/nEndInSOhw
The only thing keeping Tester alive is he has millions and millions of dollars from outside liberals and leftists, who couldn’t care less about our Country!
Will be landing soon. Looking forward to seeing our next Senator from Montana, Matt Rosendale. He will represent our Country well, far better than Jon Tester who will vote with Cryin’ Chuck Schumer and Nancy Pelosi - never with us!
Prime Minister @AbeShinzo of Japan has been working with me to help balance out the one-sided Trade with Japan. These are some of the investments they are making in our Country - just the beginning! https://t.co/ib2yB3Akkt
Thank you Mexico, we look forward to working with you! https://t.co/wf7sE0DHFT
Look forward to being there. Something’s happening! #MAGA https://t.co/Cev7giQexE
Can you believe this, and what Democrats are allowing to be done to our Country? https://t.co/4aDpASkjIU
All Republicans support people with pre-existing conditions, and if they don’t, they will after I speak to them. I am in total support. Also, Democrats will destroy your Medicare, and I will keep it healthy and well!
See you tonight Missoula, Montana! #MAGARally????https://t.co/2HZ66y4BS7
.@StateDept @SecPompeo outside of the West Wing after our meeting this morning in the Oval Office... https://t.co/4GrmMdOhS1
Secretary of State Mike Pompeo returned last night from Saudi Arabia and Turkey. I met with him this morning wherein the Saudi situation was discussed in great detail, including his meeting with...
...the Crown Prince. He is waiting for the results of the investigations being done by the Saudis and Turkey, and just gave a news conference to that effect.
Congressman @DaveBratVA7th is one of the hardest working, and smartest, people in Washington. He is strong on the Border, Crime, the Military, our Vets and the 2nd Amendment. He is a powerful vote for MAGA and loves the Great State of Virginia. Dave has my Total Endorsement!
....The assault on our country at our Southern Border, including the Criminal elements and DRUGS pouring in, is far more important to me, as President, than Trade or the USMCA. Hopefully Mexico will stop this onslaught at their Northern Border. All Democrats fault for weak laws!
....In addition to stopping all payments to these countries, which seem to have almost no control over their population, I must, in the strongest of terms, ask Mexico to stop this onslaught - and if unable to do so I will call up the U.S. Military and CLOSE OUR SOUTHERN BORDER!..
I am watching the Democrat Party led (because they want Open Borders and existing weak laws) assault on our country by Guatemala, Honduras and El Salvador, whose leaders are doing little to stop this large flow of people, INCLUDING MANY CRIMINALS, from entering Mexico to U.S.....
Ever since his vicious and totally false statements about Admiral Ron Jackson, the highly respected White House Doctor for Obama, Bush &amp; me, Senator John Tester looks to be in big trouble in the Great State of Montana! He behaved worse than the Democrat Mob did with Justice K!
This afternoon, it was my great honor to present @USMC Sergeant Major John Canley the Medal of Honor in the East Room of the @WhiteHouse! https://t.co/EI1DD4AkC9 https://t.co/6JJm1SRcQ9
Congressman Neal Dunn (@DunnCampaign) of Florida has done an outstanding job at everything having to do with #MAGA. Now working hard on hurricane relief and rebuild. Strong on Crime, strong on Borders, loves our Military and our Vets. Neal has my highest Endorsement!
College educated women want safety, security and healthcare protections – very much along with financial and economic health for themselves and our Country. I supply all of this far better than any Democrat (for decades, actually). That’s why they will be voting for me!
https://t.co/mNkDYgu5sr
https://t.co/MadlgNheSe
https://t.co/CMxxW2fEDq
https://t.co/afqHydsMB5
“President Donald J. Trump is Following Through on His Promise to Cut Burdensome Red Tape and Unleash the American Economy”Read more: https://t.co/SrBaQzpq4E https://t.co/zF8fEsw3in
Republicans must make the horrendous, weak and outdated immigration laws, and the Border, a part of the Midterms!
Hard to believe that with thousands of people from South of the Border, walking unimpeded toward our country in the form of large Caravans, that the Democrats won’t approve legislation that will allow laws for the protection of our country. Great Midterm issue for Republicans!
“Network News gave Zero coverage to the Big Day the Stock Market had yesterday.” @foxandfriends
August job openings hit a record 7.14 million. Congratulations USA!
AP headline was very different from my quote and meaning in the story. They just can’t help themselves. FAKE NEWS!
Ted Cruz has done so much for Texas, including massive cuts in taxes and regulations - which has brought Texas to the best jobs numbers in the history of the state. He watches carefully over your 2nd Amendment. O’Rourke would blow it all! Ted has long had my Strong Endorsement!
Watched the debate last night &amp; Beto O’Rourke, who wants higher taxes and far more regulations, is not in the same league with Ted Cruz &amp; what the great people of Texas stand for &amp; want. Ted is strong on Crime, Border &amp; 2nd A, loves our Military, Vets, Low Taxes. Beto is a Flake!
“Trump could be the most honest president in modern history. When you look at the real barometer of presidential truthfulness, which is promise keeping, he is probably the most honest president in American history. He’s done exactly what he said he would do.” Marc Thiessen, WPost
Stock Market up 548 points today. Also, GREAT jobs numbers!
Elizabeth Warren is being hammered, even by the Left. Her false claim of Indian heritage is only selling to VERY LOW I.Q. individuals!
Anybody entering the United States illegally will be arrested and detained, prior to being sent back to their country!
We have today informed the countries of Honduras, Guatemala and El Salvador that if they allow their citizens, or others, to journey through their borders and up to the United States, with the intention of entering our country illegally, all payments made to them will STOP (END)!
I will be interviewed tonight by Trish Regan on @FoxBusiness at 8:00 P.M., right after the great Lou Dobbs!
WOW, John James is making headway in Michigan. We are bringing jobs back to the State, and the People of Michigan appreciate it. Debbie Stabenow has been no help, if anything, a major hindrance. John James is a star, I hope the voters see it. Polls are tightening!
...during the call, and told me that he has already started, and will rapidly expand, a full and complete investigation into this matter. Answers will be forthcoming shortly.
Just spoke with the Crown Prince of Saudi Arabia who totally denied any knowledge of what took place in their Turkish Consulate. He was with Secretary of State Mike Pompeo...
REGISTER TO https://t.co/0pWiwCHGbh! #MAGA???? https://t.co/ACTMe53TZU
Is it really possible that Bruce Ohr, whose wife Nellie was paid by Simpson and GPS Fusion for work done on the Fake Dossier, and who was used as a Pawn in this whole SCAM (WITCH HUNT), is still working for the Department of Justice????? Can this really be so?????
“Conflict between Glen Simpson’s testimony to another House Panel about his contact with Justice Department official Bruce Ohr. Ohr was used by Simpson and Steele as a Back Channel to get (FAKE) Dossier to FBI. Simpson pleading Fifth.” Catherine Herridge. Where is Jeff Sessions?
“Federal Judge throws out Stormy Danials lawsuit versus Trump. Trump is entitled to full legal fees.” @FoxNews Great, now I can go after Horseface and her 3rd rate lawyer in the Great State of Texas. She will confirm the letter she signed! She knows nothing about me, a total con!
Incredible number just out, 7,036,000 job openings. Astonishing - it’s all working! Stock Market up big on tremendous potential of USA. Also, Strong Profits. We are Number One in World, by far!
For the record, I have no financial interests in Saudi Arabia (or Russia, for that matter). Any suggestion that I have is just more FAKE NEWS (of which there is plenty)!
“8X more new manufacturing jobs now than with Obama.” @FoxNews  @cvpayne
The United States has strongly informed the President of Honduras that if the large Caravan of people heading to the U.S. is not stopped and brought back to Honduras, no more money or aid will be given to Honduras, effective immediately!
“Op-Ed praises Trump Administrations efforts at the Border.” @FoxNews  The  Washington Examiner States, “Finally, the government has taken steps to stop releasing unaccompanied minors to criminals and traffickers.” This was done by the Obama Administration!
Thank you to the Cherokee Nation for revealing that Elizabeth Warren, sometimes referred to as Pocahontas, is a complete and total Fraud!
Now that her claims of being of Indian heritage have turned out to be a scam and a lie, Elizabeth Warren should apologize for perpetrating this fraud against the American Public. Harvard called her “a person of color” (amazing con), and would not have taken her otherwise!
Pocahontas (the bad version), sometimes referred to as Elizabeth Warren, is getting slammed. She took a bogus DNA test and it showed that she may be 1/1024, far less than the average American. Now Cherokee Nation denies her, “DNA test is useless.” Even they don’t want her. Phony!
TOGETHER, WE WILL PREVAIL! https://t.co/C1TLMVkDmt
Open enrollment starts today on lower-priced Medicare Advantage plans so loved by our great seniors. Crazy Bernie and his band of Congressional Dems will outlaw these plans. Disaster!
Just arrived in Florida. Also thinking about our GREAT Alabama farmers and our many friends in North and South Carolina today. We are with you!
On our way to Florida and Georgia!
Just spoke to the King of Saudi Arabia who denies any knowledge of whatever may have happened “to our Saudi Arabian citizen.” He said that they are working closely with Turkey to find answer. I am immediately sending our Secretary of State to meet with King!
Will be leaving for Florida and Georgia with the First Lady to tour the hurricane damage and visit with FEMA, First Responders and Law Enforcement. Maximum effort is taking place, everyone is working very hard. Worst hit in 50 years!
The crowds at my Rallies are far bigger than they have ever been before, including the 2016 election. Never an empty seat in these large venues, many thousands of people watching screens outside. Enthusiasm &amp; Spirit is through the roof. SOMETHING BIG IS HAPPENING - WATCH!
“The only way to shut down the Democrats new Mob Rule strategy is to stop them cold at the Ballot Box. The fight for America’s future is never over!” Ben Shapiro
Thank you to NBC for the correction! https://t.co/L2mX3vREOl
Thank you! https://t.co/CrExOML9Mi
I will be interviewed on “60 Minutes” tonight at 7:00 P.M., after NFL game. Enjoy!
Will be interviewed tonight by @LesleyRStahl on @60Minutes @CBSNews at 7:30 P.M. Eastern. Enjoy! https://t.co/eUTAP0u0Uh
Princess Eugenie of York was a truly beautiful bride yesterday. She has been through so much, and has come out a total winner!
NBC News has totally and purposely changed the point and  meaning of my story about General Robert E Lee and General Ulysses Grant. Was actually a shoutout to warrior Grant and the great state in which he was born. As usual, dishonest reporting. Even mainstream media embarrassed!
Congratulations to Tucker Carlson on the great success of his book, “Ship of Fools.” It just went to NUMBER ONE!
Big day! Pastor Andrew Brunson, who could have spent 35 years in a Turkish prison, was returned safely home to his family today. Met in Oval Office, great people! Then off to Kentucky for a Rally for Congressman Andy Barr. Tremendous crowd &amp; spirit! Just returned to White House.
Thank you Kentucky! #MAGA????https://t.co/iCUqrQ91gF https://t.co/xwsa1S2dIU
On my way to Richmond, Kentucky for a MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN rally at 7:00pmE. The crowds are once again, massive. See everyone in a couple of hours! #MAGA https://t.co/D1FYNgW0nL https://t.co/d0VBFeePLk
WELCOME HOME PASTOR ANDREW BRUNSON! https://t.co/HijeAGU1gy
https://t.co/uIaENHQoPK
Heading to the Great State of Kentucky - Big Rally for Congressman Andy Barr - Fantastic guy, need his vote for MAGA! Strong on Crime, Tax Cuts, Military, Vets &amp; 2nd A. His opponent will NEVER vote for us, only for Pelosi. Andy has my Strongest Endorsement!!! See you in Kentucky.
Highly respected Congressman Keith Rothfus (R) of Pennsylvania is in the fight of his life because the Dems changed the District Map. He must win. Strong on crime, borders, big tax &amp; reg cuts, Military &amp; Vets. Opponent Lamb a Pelosi puppet-weak on crime. BIG ENDORSEMENT FOR KEITH
“From a Turkish prison to the White House in 24 hours.”  Kristin Fisher of @FoxNews   Very cool!
There was NO DEAL made with Turkey for the release and return of Pastor Andrew Brunson. I don’t make deals for hostages. There was, however, great appreciation on behalf of the United States, which will lead to good, perhaps great, relations between the United States &amp; Turkey!
Pastor Andrew Brunson, released by Turkey, will be with me in the Oval Office at 2:30 P.M. (this afternoon). It will be wonderful to see and meet him. He is a great Christian who has been through such a tough experience. I would like to thank President @RT_Erdogan for his help!
Happy 243rd Birthday to our GREAT @USNavy! #243NavyBday https://t.co/m1YtoKSHFw
Beautiful MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN rally in Lebanon, Ohio. Thank you! #ICYMI, watch here: https://t.co/UGQAmARPKR https://t.co/6nsoV8yTx3
The GREAT football (and lacrosse) player, Jim Brown outside the West Wing of the @WhiteHouse. He is also a tremendous man and mentor to many young people! https://t.co/yo7MxoGL6C
https://t.co/HHTwwbuKa2
Happy #NationalFarmersDay! With the recent #USMCA our GREAT FARMERS will do better than ever before!! https://t.co/PMS4z2EScY
Don’t miss our GREAT @FLOTUS, Melania, on @ABC @ABC2020 tonight at 10pmE. Enjoy!
People have no idea how hard Hurricane Michael has hit the great state of Georgia. I will be visiting both Florida and Georgia early next week. We are working very hard on every area and every state that was hit - we are with you!
PROMISES MADE, PROMISES KEPT! https://t.co/2lk8Fjspe4
REGISTER TO VOTE! https://t.co/0pWiwCHGbh https://t.co/EOCLoJJ24B
PASTOR BRUNSON JUST RELEASED. WILL BE HOME SOON!
My thoughts and prayers are with Pastor Brunson, and we hope to have him safely back home soon!
So nice, everyone wants Ivanka Trump to be the new United Nations Ambassador. She would be incredible, but I can already hear the chants of Nepotism! We have great people that want the job.
Working very hard on Pastor Brunson!
https://t.co/xJ9QYGMJXa
https://t.co/rsxEwbFZht
https://t.co/h47S6T9u8V
Florida Highway Patrol Troopers are all en route to the Panhandle, from all across the state of Florida - to help those affected by #HurricaneMichael. If you see them, be sure to shake their hands and say THANK YOU! #LESM https://t.co/rB7uNBudY5
Thank you to @FEMA and all First Responders! #HurricaneMichael https://t.co/vwN8BbrkkJ
Thank you Jacksonville Sheriff’s Office! #HurricaneMichael https://t.co/fuy7stLMJI
Massive overflow crowd tonight in Erie, Pennsylvania. THANK YOU to everyone who came out and joined us. Together, we are MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! https://t.co/FkPNNVpccX
Thank you Erie, Pennsylvania! Remember to get out and VOTE! #MAGA???? https://t.co/X8IEW8h9qP
Couldn’t let these great people down. They have been lined up since last night - see you soon Pennsylvania! https://t.co/jSrsmncw85
Departing the @WhiteHouse for Erie, Pennsylvania. I cannot disappoint the thousands of people that are there - and the thousands that are going. I look forward to seeing everyone this evening.
We are with you Florida! https://t.co/qzrVLeFbyFhttps://t.co/HVVhSmBg7S https://t.co/rcB6OCwLeH
Despite so many positive events and victories, Media Reseach Center reports that 92% of stories on Donald Trump are negative on ABC, CBS and ABC. It is FAKE NEWS! Don’t worry, the Failing New York Times didn’t even put the Brett Kavanaugh victory on the Front Page yesterday-A17!
Walker Stapleton is running as the highly respected Republican Candidate for Governor of the Great State of Colorado. His credentials and talents are impeccable. He has my complete and total Endorsement!
THANK YOU IOWA &amp; NEBRASKA! VOTE, VOTE, VOTE! https://t.co/0pWiwCHGbh https://t.co/tzkiQ4IlEd
https://t.co/CPf3oxgdRX
Beautiful evening in Iowa. GOD BLESS THE U.S.A.! #MAGA???? https://t.co/Zi0rwyajrz
.@FLGovScott has been relentless in securing the funding to fix the algae problem from Lake Okeechobee - we will solve this! Congress must follow through on the Government’s plan on the Everglades Reservoir. Bill Nelson has been no help!
“President Donald J. Trump Approves Florida Emergency Declaration” https://t.co/TnTDCvs41W
REGISTER TO VOTE! https://t.co/0pWiwCHGbh https://t.co/3vYfDmpqiH
FLORIDA - It is imperative that you heed the directions of your State and Local Officials. Please be prepared, be careful and be SAFE! #HurricaneMichael https://t.co/VP6PBXfzm9 https://t.co/aKmaDNgZve
...Looks to be a Cat. 3 which is even more intense than Florence. Good news is, the folks in the Pan Handle can take care of anything. @FEMA and First Responders are ready - be prepared! #HurricaneMichael
Hurricane on its way to the Florida Pan Handle with major elements arriving tomorrow. Could also hit, in later stage, parts of Georgia, and unfortunately North Carolina, and South Carolina, again...
Big announcement with my friend Ambassador Nikki Haley in the Oval Office at 10:30am.
Will be going to Iowa tonight for Rally, and more! The Farmers (and all) are very happy with USMCA!
Great evening last night at the White House honoring Justice Kavanaugh and family. Our country is very proud of them!
The paid D.C. protesters are now ready to REALLY protest because they haven’t gotten their checks - in other words, they weren’t paid! Screamers in Congress, and outside, were far too obvious - less professional than anticipated by those paying (or not paying) the bills!
https://t.co/4ySIkmfllE
https://t.co/k2bOxapRtR
Great to see @AGPamBondi launch a cutting-edge statewide school safety APP in Florida today - named by Parkland Survivors. BIG PRIORITY and Florida is getting it done! #FortifyFL
Every day, our police officers race into darkened allies, deserted streets, &amp; onto the doorsteps of the most hardened criminals. They see the worst of humanity &amp; they respond with the best of the American Spirit. America’s LEOs have earned the everlasting gratitude of our Nation! https://t.co/RquS91Vz7o
We thank you. We salute you. We honor you. And we promise you: we will ALWAYS have your BACK – now and FOREVER! #IACP2018 https://t.co/nvUUIuvouj
America’s police officers have earned the everlasting gratitude of our Nation. In moments of danger &amp; despair you are the reason we never lose hope – because there are men &amp; women in uniform who face down evil &amp; stand for all that is GOOD and JUST and DECENT and RIGHT! #IACP2018 https://t.co/N0Dq50DkbP
It was my great honor to address the International Association of Chiefs of Police Annual Convention in Orlando, Florida. Thank you! #IACP2018 #LESM https://t.co/Z0nY5bSNr6
Departing Washington, D.C. for the International Association of Chiefs of Police Annual Convention in Orlando, Florida. Look forward to seeing everyone soon! #IACP2018 https://t.co/EwSd7IU9t1
Christopher Columbus’s spirit of determination &amp; adventure has provided inspiration to generations of Americans. On #ColumbusDay, we honor his remarkable accomplishments as a navigator, &amp; celebrate his voyage into the unknown expanse of the Atlantic Ocean. https://t.co/Mg3dxRfPuN
.@SecPompeo had a good meeting with Chairman Kim today in Pyongyang. Progress made on Singapore Summit Agreements! I look forward to seeing Chairman Kim again, in the near future. https://t.co/bUa2pkq80s
You don’t hand matches to an arsonist, and you don’t give power to an angry left-wing mob. Democrats have become too EXTREME and TOO DANGEROUS to govern. Republicans believe in the rule of law - not the rule of the mob. VOTE REPUBLICAN!
Beautiful evening in Topeka, Kansas. VOTE, VOTE, VOTE! #MAGA https://t.co/bomRqsaYfm
Thank you Kansas - I love you! https://t.co/ymCFNr9WQY
The crowd in front of the U.S. Supreme Court is tiny, looks like about 200 people (&amp; most are onlookers) - that wouldn’t even fill the first couple of rows of our Kansas Rally, or any of our Rallies for that matter! The Fake News Media tries to make it look sooo big, &amp; it’s not!
I applaud and congratulate the U.S. Senate for confirming our GREAT NOMINEE, Judge Brett Kavanaugh, to the United States Supreme Court. Later today, I will sign his Commission of Appointment, and he will be officially sworn in. Very exciting!
I have asked Steve Daines, our great Republican Senator from Montana, to attend his daughter Annie’s wedding rather than coming to today’s vote. Steve was ready to do whatever he had to, but we had the necessary number. To the Daines Family, congratulations-have a wonderful day!
Women for Kavanaugh, and many others who support this very good man, are gathering all over Capitol Hill in preparation for a 3-5 P.M. VOTE. It is a beautiful thing to see - and they are not paid professional protesters who are handed expensive signs. Big day for America!
Women for Kavanaugh, and many others who support this very good man, are gathering all over Capital Hill in preparation for a 3-5 P.M. VOTE. It is a beautiful thing to see - and they are not paid professional protesters who are handed expensive signs. Big day for America!
Very proud of the U.S. Senate for voting “YES” to advance the nomination of Judge Brett Kavanaugh!
Just out: 3.7% Unemployment is the lowest number since 1969!
The very rude elevator screamers are paid professionals only looking to make Senators look bad. Don’t fall for it! Also, look at all of the professionally made identical signs. Paid for by Soros and others. These are not signs made in the basement from love! #Troublemakers
Beautiful evening in Rochester, Minnesota. VOTE, VOTE, VOTE! https://t.co/SyxrxvTpZE
Thank you Minnesota - I love you!https://t.co/eQC2NqdIil
Just made my second stop in Minnesota for a MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN rally. We need to elect @KarinHousley to the U.S. Senate, and we need the strong leadership of @TomEmmer, @Jason2CD, @JimHagedornMN and @PeteStauber in the U.S. House!
Congressman Bishop is doing a GREAT job! He helped pass tax reform which lowered taxes for EVERYONE! Nancy Pelosi is spending hundreds of thousands of dollars on his opponent because they both support a liberal agenda of higher taxes and wasteful spending!
“U.S. Stocks Widen Global Lead” https://t.co/Snhv08ulcO
Statement on National Strategy for Counterterrorism: https://t.co/ajFBg9Elsj https://t.co/Qr56ycjMAV
Working hard, thank you! https://t.co/6HQVaEXH0I
This is now the 7th. time the FBI has investigated Judge Kavanaugh. If we made it 100, it would still not be good enough for the Obstructionist Democrats.
This is a very important time in our country. Due Process, Fairness and Common Sense are now on trial!
Our country’s great First Lady, Melania, is doing really well in Africa. The people love her, and she loves them! It is a beautiful thing to see.
The harsh and unfair treatment of Judge Brett Kavanaugh is having an incredible upward impact on voters. The PEOPLE get it far better than the politicians. Most importantly, this great life cannot be ruined by mean &amp; despicable Democrats and totally uncorroborated allegations!
Wow, such enthusiasm and energy for Judge Brett Kavanaugh. Look at the Energy, look at the Polls. Something very big is happening. He is a fine man and great intellect. The country is with him all the way!
My thoughts and prayers are with the Florence County Sheriff’s Office and the Florence Police Department tonight, in South Carolina. We are forever grateful for what our Law Enforcement Officers do 24/7/365. https://t.co/ZwDmDthItD
Just spoke to President-Elect Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador of Mexico. Great call, we will work well together!
I see it each time I go out to Rallies in order to help some of our great Republican candidates. VOTERS ARE REALLY ANGRY AT THE VICIOUS AND DESPICABLE WAY DEMOCRATS ARE TREATING BRETT KAVANAUGH! He and his wonderful family deserve much better.
Mexico, Canada and the United States are a great partnership and will be a very formidable trading force. We will now, because of the USMCA, work very well together. Great Spirit!
Blowout numbers on New Jobs and, separately, Services. Market up!
Thank you to Congressman Tom Reed of New York for your wonderful comments on our great new Trade Deal with Mexico and Canada, the USMCA. I have long ago given you my Full Endorsement, and for good reason. Keep up the Great Work! @Varneyco
Thank you Governor Phil Bryant - it was my great honor to be there! #MAGA https://t.co/UbY7Qu2fMt
https://t.co/w04sqlMIYm
The Stock Market just reached an All-Time High during my Administration for the 102nd Time, a presidential record, by far, for less than two years. So much potential as Trade and Military Deals are completed.
The Failing New York Times did something I have never seen done before. They used the concept of “time value of money” in doing a very old, boring and often told hit piece on me. Added up, this means that 97% of their stories on me are bad. Never recovered from bad election call!
Congressman @PeteSessions of Texas is a true fighter and patriot. Highly respected in D.C. by all, he always gets what his district, and our country, wants and needs. Strong on Crime, Border, Military, Vets and 2nd Amendment. Pete has my Full and Total Endorsement. A great guy!
Thank you Mississippi - Together, we are MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! https://t.co/npnRirjcFG
Today, my Administration provided HISTORIC levels of funding to improve school safety through STOP School Violence grants – a top priority for @sandyhook. I am committed to keeping our children SAFE in their schools!
“National wage growth is at the highest it’s been in nearly 17 months -- and, according to a new study released by Glassdoor, it’s not expected to slow down anytime soon....” https://t.co/G0Ts6yVqF9
GOD BLESS THE U.S.A.! #MAGA???? https://t.co/pquqyy5S3G
Thank you Mississippi - I love you! https://t.co/eH6x1NBNQG
This is really an incredible time for our Nation - WE are RESPECTED AGAIN! https://t.co/94KusYcDAj
“USMCA Wins Praise as a Victory for American Industries and Workers”??https://t.co/UWhPhNXiiL https://t.co/eBVv0nXXRT
Proud of our great First Lady - and she loves doing this! https://t.co/VD7wlqeJoR
Yesterday, it was my great honor to present the Medal of Honor to Ronald J. Shurer II, for his actions on April 6, 2008, when he braved enemy fire to treat multiple injured Soldiers. Read more: https://t.co/Nrrcp2JJUL https://t.co/A0KLHmIPZs
THE ONLY REASON TO VOTE FOR A DEMOCRAT IS IF YOU’RE TIRED OF WINNING!
Great reviews on the new USMCA. Thank you! Mexico and Canada will be wonderful partners in Trade (and more) long into the future.
Happy 7th birthday to Tristan, a very special member of the Trump family!
WOW - THANK YOU TENNESSEE! https://t.co/38UUDqfIz5
Thank you Tennessee - I love you! https://t.co/1swpoY7F5x
https://t.co/5UmYGFLyLK
News conference on the USMCA this morning at 11:00 - Rose Garden of White House.
Congratulations to Mexico and Canada!
....deficiencies and mistakes in NAFTA, greatly opens markets to our Farmers and Manufacturers, reduces Trade Barriers to the U.S. and will bring all three Great Nations together in competition with the rest of the world. The USMCA is a historic transaction!
.....deficiencies and mistakes in NAFTA, greatly opens markets to our Farmers and Manufacturers, reduce Trade Barriers to the U.S. and will bring all three Great Nations closer together in competition with the rest of the world. The USMCA is a historic transaction!
Late last night, our deadline, we reached a wonderful new Trade Deal with Canada, to be added into the deal already reached with Mexico. The new name will be The United States Mexico Canada Agreement, or USMCA. It is a great deal for all three countries, solves the many......
Wow! Just starting to hear the Democrats, who are only thinking Obstruct and Delay, are starting to put out the word that the “time” and “scope” of FBI looking into Judge Kavanaugh and witnesses is not enough. Hello! For them, it will never be enough - stay tuned and watch!
So if African-American unemployment is now at the lowest number in history, median income the highest, and you then add all of the other things I have done, how do Democrats, who have done NOTHING for African-Americans but TALK, win the Black Vote?  And it will only get better!
Like many, I don’t watch Saturday Night Live (even though I past hosted it) - no longer funny, no talent or charm. It is just a political ad for the Dems. Word is that Kanye West, who put on a MAGA hat after the show (despite being told “no”), was great. He’s leading the charge!
NBC News incorrectly reported (as usual) that I was limiting the FBI investigation of Judge Kavanaugh, and witnesses, only to certain people. Actually, I want them to interview whoever they deem appropriate, at their discretion. Please correct your reporting!
Thank you West Virginia - I love you! https://t.co/Ou2umCfKp9
https://t.co/BxlF4grr9k
Heading to West Virginia now. Big Rally. Will be live on @FoxNews tonight. Long lines, but will be great!
Senator Richard Blumenthal must talk about his fraudulent service in Vietnam, where for 12 years he told the people of Connecticut, as their Attorney General, that he was a great Marine War Hero. Talked about his many battles of near death, but was never in Vietnam. Total Phony!
Just started, tonight, our 7th FBI investigation of Judge Brett Kavanaugh. He will someday be recognized as a truly great Justice of The United States Supreme Court!
Judge Kavanaugh showed America exactly why I nominated him. His testimony was powerful, honest, and riveting. Democrats’ search and destroy strategy is disgraceful and this process has been a total sham and effort to delay, obstruct, and resist. The Senate must vote!
https://t.co/9o5gZlJiTd
Join me this Saturday in Wheeling, West Virginia at 7pmE! Tickets: https://t.co/JyRaBps0eR https://t.co/hiruLIxa7w
Congressman Lee Zeldin is doing a fantastic job in D.C. Tough and smart, he loves our Country and will always be there to do the right thing. He has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
China is actually placing propaganda ads in the Des Moines Register and other papers, made to look like news. That’s because we are beating them on Trade, opening markets, and the farmers will make a fortune when this is over! https://t.co/ppdvTX7oz1
Avenatti is a third rate lawyer who is good at making false accusations, like he did on me and like he is now doing on Judge Brett Kavanaugh. He is just looking for attention and doesn’t want people to look at his past record and relationships - a total low-life!
Jobless Claims fell to their lowest level in 49 years!
Consumer confidence hits an 18 year high, close to breaking the all-time record. A big jump from last 8 years. People are excited about the USA again! We are getting Bigger and Richer and Stronger. WAY MORE TO GO!
The Democrats are playing a high level CON GAME in their vicious effort to destroy a fine person. It is called the politics of destruction. Behind the scene the Dems are laughing. Pray for Brett Kavanaugh and his family!
“These law enforcement people took the law into their own hands when it came to President Trump.” @LindseyGrahamSC
73rd Session of the United Nations General Assembly #UNGA https://t.co/xJyx7RrH5F
“Consumer confidence rose in September, notching its highest level in about 18 years. The Consumer Board's index rose to 138.4 this month from 134.7 in August...” https://t.co/ZbxjnrRvAX
“Remarks by President Trump at a Luncheon Hosted by the Secretary-General of the United Nations” https://t.co/ShHaLmoSDL https://t.co/k62KGgD8j6
“Remarks by President Trump to the 73rd Session of the United Nations General Assembly” ??https://t.co/Oshhko61zY https://t.co/Fm8LSse417
Rush Limbaugh to Republicans: “You can kiss the MIDTERMS goodbye if you don’t get highly qualified Kavanaugh approved.”
Thank you Dr. Jeffress! https://t.co/cm7NjQh0ti
Thank you Mark! https://t.co/NVGs6WbQe2
https://t.co/h43dehf0WV
Will be speaking at the United Nations this morning. Our country is much stronger and much richer than it was when I took office less than two years ago. We are also MUCH safer!
Despite requests, I have no plans to meet Iranian President Hassan Rouhani. Maybe someday in the future. I am sure he is an absolutely lovely man!
Republican Party Favorability is the highest it has been in 7 years - 3 points higher than Democrats!  Gallup
The Democrats are working hard to destroy a wonderful man, and a man who has the potential to be one of our greatest Supreme Court Justices ever, with an array of False Accusations the likes of which have never been seen before!
REMEMBER THE MIDTERMS!
The Democrats are working hard to destroy a wonderful man, and a man who has the potential to be one of our greatest Supreme Court Justices ever, with an array of False Acquisitions the likes of which have never been seen before!
https://t.co/FXqSWusSTV
It was my great honor to welcome President @EmmanuelMacron of France to the United States, here in New York City, this evening! #UNGA https://t.co/Gd7pCBFUCg
It was my great honor to welcome President @AlsisiOfficial of Egypt to the United States this afternoon, in New York City. Great meetings! #UNGA https://t.co/dsMZWodpWr
Joint Statement on the United States-Korea Free Trade Agreement: https://t.co/m0jW8nqdQW https://t.co/lcrhsJtv00
Brett Kavanaugh and his wife, Ashley, will be interviewed tonight at 7pmE on @marthamaccallum @FoxNews. This is an outstanding family who must be treated fairly!
US-Korea Free Trade Agreement Signing Ceremony! https://t.co/yLFkAZgagG
It was my great honor to welcome and meet with President @moonriver365 Jae-in of South Korea today, in New York City! https://t.co/7f3eOYGxDn #UNGA https://t.co/B6rVeeBTCc
Today, we commit to fighting the drug epidemic together! #UNGA https://t.co/XgaYTOBrSK
“Remarks by President Trump at ‘Global Call to Action on the World Drug Problem’ Event” #UNGA??https://t.co/kvUZegWdlH https://t.co/BGdrQeZuId
Prime Minster @AbeShinzo is coming up to Trump Tower for dinner but, most importantly, he just had a great landslide victory in Japan. I will congratulate him on behalf of the American people!
Going to New York. Will be with Prime Minister Abe of Japan tonight, talking Military and Trade. We have done much to help Japan, would like to see more of a reciprocal relationship. It will all work out!
Tiger is playing great. Looks like a big win could happen. Very exciting! @TigerWoods
https://t.co/qZSEifBNaP
https://t.co/MgkotGmkJ0
New Economic Records being set on a daily basis - and it is not by accident!
GOD BLESS THE U.S.A.! https://t.co/n9OkDlqz11
Thank you Missouri - Together, we are MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! https://t.co/onl1HmM2Gz
Thank you Missouri - I love you!https://t.co/rx3mtd7yOy
Remarks by President Trump at the Signing of H.R. 5895: https://t.co/tfKJJGMevo https://t.co/7hcD22Txvy
https://t.co/hIw1AQdRpY
Promises Kept for our GREAT Veterans! https://t.co/C0h8cW4FuH
Throughout American history, the men and women of our Armed Forces have selflessly served our Country, making tremendous sacrifices to defend our liberty. On National POW/MIA Recognition Day, we honor all American Prisoners of War: https://t.co/ZGiqdYbats https://t.co/OEetrLzgcJ
Senator Feinstein and the Democrats held the letter for months, only to release it with a bang after the hearings were OVER - done very purposefully to Obstruct &amp; Resist &amp; Delay. Let her testify, or not, and TAKE THE VOTE!
Senator Feinstein and the Democrats  held the letter for months, only to release it with a bang after the hearings were OVER - done very purposefully to Obstruct &amp; Resist &amp; Delay. Let her testify, or not, and TAKE THE VOTE!
....has been asked to review these documents on an expedited basis. I believe he will move quickly on this (and hopefully other things which he is looking at). In the end I can always declassify if it proves necessary. Speed is very important to me - and everyone!
I met with the DOJ concerning the declassification of various UNREDACTED documents. They agreed to release them but stated that so doing may have a perceived negative impact on the Russia probe. Also, key Allies’ called to ask not to release. Therefore, the Inspector General.....
The radical left lawyers want the FBI to get involved NOW. Why didn’t someone call the FBI 36 years ago?
I will Chair the United Nations Security Council meeting on Iran next week!
I have no doubt that, if the attack on Dr. Ford was as bad as she says, charges would have been immediately filed with local Law Enforcement Authorities by either her or her loving parents. I ask that she bring those filings forward so that we can learn  date, time, and place!
Judge Brett Kavanaugh is a fine man, with an impeccable reputation, who is under assault by radical left wing politicians who don’t want to know the answers, they just want to destroy and delay. Facts don’t matter. I go through this with them every single day in D.C.
AMERICA IS WINNING AGAIN! https://t.co/6HcBjLAAQB
Thank you Las Vegas, Nevada - I love you! #MAGA???? https://t.co/GBZO84PyQ1
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!https://t.co/OYJUkiEUid
Landing in Las Vegas now for a Make America Great Again Rally supporting @DeanHeller and @DannyTarkanian. Also doing interview there with @seanhannity live on @FoxNews. Big crowd, long lines. Will be great! #MAGA
https://t.co/LdXQb42Imc
On my way to Las Vegas, Nevada. Look forward to seeing everyone tonight! #MAGA https://t.co/wTeerIUJvd
https://t.co/RzqoiQ4SmD
...North Korea to be identified as a result of my Summit with Chairman Kim. These HEROES are home, they may Rest In Peace, and hopefully their families can have closure.
Army Master Sgt. Charles H. McDaniel, 32, of Vernon, Indiana, and Army Pfc. William H. Jones, 19, of Nash County, North Carolina, are the first American remains from...
Congratulations to my good friend Prime Minister @AbeShinzo on his HUGE election victory in Japan. I’m looking forward to many more years of working together. See you in New York next week!????????
.@JayWebberNJ is running for Congress in the 11th District of New Jersey. He is outstanding in every way. Strong on Borders, loves our Military and our Vets. Big Crime fighter. Jay has my Full and Total Endorsement!
S&amp;P 500 HITS ALL-TIME HIGH  Congratulations USA!
I want to know, where is the money for Border Security and the WALL in this ridiculous Spending Bill, and where will it come from after the Midterms? Dems are obstructing Law Enforcement and Border Security. REPUBLICANS MUST FINALLY GET TOUGH!
....The thing that’s lacking is we can’t properly secure the Border because of the Democrats historic level of Obstruction.” Senator David Perdue of Georgia.
“We can’t secure the Border because of the Democrats historic level of Obstruction. The Presidents fed up with this. His agenda is working. The economy is growing at twice the rate it did under Obama. We’ve nominated and confirmed 68 Federal Judges, 26 Court of Appeals Judges....
We protect the countries of the Middle East, they would not be safe for very long without us, and yet they continue to push for higher and higher oil prices! We will remember. The OPEC monopoly must get prices down now!
Financial and jobs numbers are fantastic. There are plenty of new, high paying jobs available in our great and very vibrant economy. If you are not happy where you are, start looking - but also remember, our economy is only getting better. Vote in Midterms!
https://t.co/zMg2iZgriM
Great new book by Jason Chaffetz appropriately called “The Deep State.” Very interesting indeed!
Just returned to the White House from the Great States of North Carolina and South Carolina where incredible work is being done on the ongoing fight against hurricane Florence. Tremendous talent and spirit!
“President Donald J. Trump’s Administration is Providing Support to Those Impacted by Hurricane Florence” https://t.co/3neafSgQ1h
“North Korea recommits to denuclearization - we’ve come a long way.” @FoxNews
....it was impossible - and then already it’s over 4%, and I expect it’s going to grow faster and faster. We’re just getting started here.” Peter Ferrara, former advisor to President Reagan. @foxandfriends
“The recovery got started on Election Day 2016. It took Trump’s Tax Cuts and Regulation Cuts to get the economy booming. Before that it was the worst and slowest economic recovery since the Great Depression. It took just 6 months for Trump to get to 3%, even though they said.....
....returned home to the United States. Also, North and South Korea will file a joint bid to host the 2032 Olympics. Very exciting!
Kim Jong Un has agreed to allow Nuclear inspections, subject to final negotiations, and to permanently dismantle a test site and launch pad in the presence of international experts. In the meantime there will be no Rocket or Nuclear testing. Hero remains to continue being........
The Supreme Court is one of the main reasons I got elected President. I hope Republican Voters, and others, are watching, and studying, the Democrats Playbook.
https://t.co/G0BjCXEnaX
Today, it was my great honor to welcome @prezydentpl Andrzej Duda of Poland to the @WhiteHouse! https://t.co/VdsTYdq9MN
Today, I took action to strengthen our Nation’s defenses against biological threats. For the first time in history, the Federal Government has a National Biodefense Strategy to address the FULL RANGE of biological threats! https://t.co/kW7Ug1DA6q
Thank you to our great Coast Guard for doing such a tremendous job - thousands of lives being saved! https://t.co/Ud8AT1orf8 https://t.co/YEFnGMmwoV
...that FEMA, our Military, and our First Responders, who are all unbelievable, are a disaster and not doing a good job. This will be a total lie, but that’s what they do, and everybody knows it!
Right now, everybody is saying what a great job we are doing with Hurricane Florence – and they are 100% correct. But don’t be fooled, at some point in the near future the Democrats will start ranting...
Happy 71st Birthday to our GREAT United States Air Force! https://t.co/r9Sa7DJQ76
.....China has been taking advantage of the United States on Trade for many years. They also know that I am the one that knows how to stop it. There will be great and fast economic retaliation against China if our farmers, ranchers and/or industrial workers are targeted!
China has openly stated that they are actively trying to impact and change our election by attacking our farmers, ranchers and industrial workers because of their loyalty to me. What China does not understand is that these people are great patriots and fully understand that.....
....campaign, which is unprecedented in our history.” Congressman Peter King  Really bad things were happening, but they are now being exposed. Big stuff!
“What will be disclosed is that there was no basis for these FISA Warrants, that the important information was kept from the court, there’s going to be a disproportionate influence of the (Fake) Dossier. Basically you have a counter terrorism tool used to spy on a presidential...
Today, as we celebrate Hispanic Heritage Month, we share our gratitude for all the ways Hispanic-Americans make our country flourish and prosper. Today, and every day, we honor, cherish, and celebrate Hispanic-American Workers, Families, Students, Businesses, and Leaders... https://t.co/2AxlbluB2S
Just met John James of Michigan. He has every single quality to be your next Great Senator from Michigan. When the people of Michigan get to know John, they will say he is a true star. Also, distinguished Military and a Combat Vet! https://t.co/thRBoBkuFL
It was my great honor to host today’s Inaugural Meeting of the “President’s National Council for the American Worker” in the Roosevelt Room! Read more: https://t.co/mi7MVljnBa https://t.co/vyvlw2YP91
https://t.co/Vu2b2hhwHu
Happy Constitution Day! https://t.co/9KiLowP3Hh
Join me in Las Vegas, Nevada at 7:00pm for a MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN RALLY! Tickets: https://t.co/keENWZEd0F https://t.co/xJzQ9foOTL
Americans deserve to know the lowest drug price at their pharmacy, but “gag clauses” prevent your pharmacist from telling you! I support legislation that will remove gag clauses and urge the Senate to act. #AmericanPatientsFirst
Immediately after Comey’s firing Peter Strzok texted to his lover, Lisa Page “We need to Open the case we’ve been waiting on now while Andy (McCabe, also fired) is acting. Page answered, “We need to lock in (redacted). In a formal chargeable way. Soon.” Wow, a conspiracy caught?
“Lisa Page Testimony- NO EVIDENCE OF COLLUSION BEFORE MUELLER APPOINTMENT.” @FoxNews by Catherine Herridge. Therefore, the case should never have been allowed to be brought. It is a totally illegal Witch Hunt!
Our Steel Industry is the talk of the World. It has been given new life, and is thriving. Billions of Dollars is being spent on new plants all around the country!
Tariffs have put the U.S. in a very strong bargaining position, with Billions of Dollars, and Jobs, flowing into our Country - and yet cost increases have thus far been almost unnoticeable. If countries will not make fair deals with us, they will be “Tariffed!”
“A lot of small &amp; medium size enterprises are registering very good profit, sometimes record profits-there stocks are doing very well, low income workers are getting big raises. There are an awful lot of good things going on that weren’t during Pres. Obama’s Watch.” Peter Morici
Consumer Sentiment hit its highest level in 17 years this year. Sentiment fell 11% in 2015, an Obama year, and rose 16% since the Election, #TrumpTime!
Best economic numbers in decades. If the Democrats take control, kiss your newfound wealth goodbye!
Watch @MariaBartiromo at 6:00 P.M. on @FoxBusiness. Russian Hoax the big topic! Mainstream Media, often referred to as the Fake News Media, hates to discuss the real facts!
Congratulations to all of our Mexican friends on National Independence Day. We will be doing great things together!
Just watched Sunday Morning Futures with @MariaBartiromo on @FoxNews. This show is MANDATORY watching if you want to understand the massive governmental corruption and the Russian Hoax. It will be rebroadcast this evening at 6:00 P.M. on @FoxBusiness. A must see!
FEMA, First Responders and Law Enforcement are working really hard on hurricane Florence. As the storm begins to finally recede, they will kick into an even higher gear. Very Professional!
The illegal Mueller Witch Hunt continues in search of a crime. There was never Collusion with Russia, except by the Clinton campaign, so the 17 Angry Democrats are looking at anything they can find. Very unfair and BAD for the country. ALSO, not allowed under the LAW!
Exclusive -- Donald Trump Jr. to Obama: My Dad Fixed the Economy You Could Not https://t.co/HXuSBGFmf2 via @BreitbartNews
Five deaths have been recorded thus far with regard to hurricane Florence! Deepest sympathies and warmth go out to the families and friends of the victims. May God be with them!
When will Republican leadership learn that they are being played like a fiddle by the Democrats on Border Security and Building the Wall? Without Borders, we don’t have a country. With Open Borders, which the Democrats want, we have nothing but crime! Finish the Wall!
While my (our) poll numbers are good, with the Economy being the best ever, if it weren’t for the Rigged Russian Witch Hunt, they would be 25 points higher! Highly conflicted Bob Mueller &amp; the 17 Angry Democrats are using this Phony issue to hurt us in the Midterms. No Collusion!
.@DannyTarkanian of Nevada is a great friend who supports the Trump Agenda. He is Strong on Crime, the Border and our under siege 2nd Amendment. Danny Loves our Military and our Vets. He has my total and complete Endorsement!
Congressman Keith Rothfus continues to do a great job for the people of Pennsylvania. Keith is strong on Crime, the Border, and our Second Amendment. Loves our Military and our Vets. He has my total Endorsement!
Congressman Pete Sessions of Texas is doing a great job. He is a fighter who will be tough on Crime and the Border, fight hard for our Second Amendment and loves our Military and our Vets. He has my full and complete Endorsement!
Thank you Brock – it is my honor!“We (@FEMA) have never had the support that we have had from this President.” Administrator @FEMA_Brock
Thank you @nycemergencymgt! https://t.co/8jR4DLm99t
When President Obama said that he has been to “57 States,” very little mention in Fake News Media. Can you imagine if I said that...story of the year! @IngrahamAngle
....GWU Research to tell them how many people had died in Puerto Rico (how would they not know this?). This method was never done with previous hurricanes because other jurisdictions know how many people were killed. FIFTY TIMES LAST ORIGINAL NUMBER - NO WAY!
“When Trump visited the island territory last October, OFFICIALS told him in a briefing 16 PEOPLE had died from Maria.” The Washington Post. This was long AFTER the hurricane took place. Over many months it went to 64 PEOPLE. Then, like magic, “3000 PEOPLE KILLED.” They hired....
Great job FEMA, First Responders and Law Enforcement - not easy, very dangerous, tremendous talent. America is proud of you. Keep it all going - finish strong!
My thoughts and prayers are with Evelyn Rodriguez this evening, along with her family and friends. #RIPEvelyn https://t.co/wMwxRdjBHM
“The story of Puerto Rico is the rebuilding that has occurred. The President has done an extraordinary job of cleanup, rebuilding electrical stuff and everything else.”  @EdRollins   “The people of Puerto Rico have one of the most corrupt governments in our country.” @LouDobbs
“They say all these people died in the storm in Puerto Rico, yet 70% of the power was out before the storm. So when did people start dying? At what point do you recognize that what they are doing is a political agenda couched in the nice language of journalism?”  @GeraldoRivera
Keep up the great work - THANK YOU! https://t.co/qCKts6CfN4
We love the #CajunNavy - THANK YOU! #FlorenceHurricane2018 https://t.co/RuP55jWX8e
Incredible job being done by FEMA, First Responders, Law Enforcement and all. Thank you!
Gina is Great! https://t.co/TyLQ2W42y5
John Kerry had illegal meetings with the very hostile Iranian Regime, which can only serve to undercut our great work to the detriment of the American people. He told them to wait out the Trump Administration! Was he registered under the Foreign Agents Registration Act? BAD!
Senator Debbie Stabenow and the Democrats are totally against approving the Farm Bill. They are fighting tooth and nail to not allow our Great Farmers to get what they so richly deserve. Work requirements are imperative and the Dems are a NO. Not good!
Thank you @USNationalGuard! #HurricaneFlorence https://t.co/4xWFr1jz9I
I was just briefed on Hurricane Florence. FEMA, First Responders and Law Enforcement are supplied and ready. We are with you! https://t.co/mP7icn0Yzl https://t.co/a8KQ0lcoSD
Thank you @USCG! https://t.co/PqddsoZg2I
The Wall Street Journal has it wrong, we are under no pressure to make a deal with China, they are under pressure to make a deal with us. Our markets are surging, theirs are collapsing. We will soon be taking in Billions in Tariffs &amp; making products at home. If we meet, we meet?
.....This was done by the Democrats in order to make me look as bad as possible when I was successfully raising Billions of Dollars to help rebuild Puerto Rico. If a person died for any reason, like old age, just add them onto the list. Bad politics. I love Puerto Rico!
3000 people did not die in the two hurricanes that hit Puerto Rico. When I left the Island, AFTER the storm had hit, they had anywhere from 6 to 18 deaths. As time went by it did not go up by much. Then, a long time later, they started to report really large numbers, like 3000...
“Middle-Class Income Hits All-Time High!” @foxandfriends  And will continue to rise (unless the Dems get in and destroy what we have built).
.....”It is a cesspool of corruption, and the people who did this need to be brought to justice.”  @GreggJarrett
More text messages between former FBI employees Peter Strzok and Lisa Page are a disaster and embarrassment to the FBI &amp; DOJ. This should never have happened but we are learning more and more by the hour. “Others were leaking like mad” in order to get the President! ........
We are completely ready for hurricane Florence, as the storm gets even larger and more powerful. Be careful!
The problem with banker Jamie Dimon running for President is that he doesn’t have the aptitude or “smarts” &amp; is a poor public speaker &amp; nervous mess - otherwise he is wonderful. I’ve made a lot of bankers, and others, look much smarter than they are with my great economic policy!
Tonight, it was my great honor to host a Congressional Medal of Honor Society Reception at the @WhiteHouse! https://t.co/75JQiVtnUT
#HurricaneFlorence https://t.co/mP7icn0Yzl https://t.co/jOdKT02rbH
It is imperative that everyone follow local evacuation orders. This storm is extremely dangerous. Be SAFE! #HurricaneFlorence https://t.co/94Ue4e26PD https://t.co/KvF54CwomW
“I can say, as it relates to the Senate Intelligence Committee Investigation, that we have NO hard evidence of Collusion.”  Richard Burr (R-NC) Senate Intelligence Committee, Chairman
Hurricane Florence may now be dipping a bit south and hitting a portion of the Great State of Georgia. Be ready, be prepared!
https://t.co/54YVC4DDfe
Hurricane Florence is looking even bigger than anticipated. It will be arriving soon. FEMA, First Responders and Law Enforcement are supplied and ready. Be safe!
We got A Pluses for our recent hurricane work in Texas and Florida (and did an unappreciated great job in Puerto Rico, even though an inaccessible island with very poor electricity and a totally incompetent Mayor of San Juan). We are ready for the big one that is coming!
“The President has absolutely demonstrated no wrongdoing whatsoever &amp; that the Special Counsel has no evidence of any wrongdoing. In other words, it’s time to end this Witch Hunt.” @LouDobbs   Russian “collusion” was just an excuse by the Democrats for having lost the Election!
Crazy Maxine Waters: “After we impeach Trump, we’ll go after Mike Pence. We’ll get him.”  @FoxNews  Where are the Democrats coming from? The best Economy in the history of our country would totally collapse if they ever took control!
....giving the information, and causing the appointment of a Special C without having the courage of his own convictions.....”  Alan Dershowitz   @TuckerCarlson   In other words, the whole thing was illegally and very unfairly set up?
“You know who’s at fault for this more than anyone else, Comey, because he leaked information and laundered it through a professor at Columbia Law School. Shame on that professor, and shame on Comey. He snuck the information to a law professor who collaborated with him in........
#NeverForget #September11th https://t.co/POd8D1WfBa
The safety of American people is my absolute highest priority. Heed the directions of your State and Local Officials. Please be prepared, be careful and be SAFE! https://t.co/YP7ssITwW9 https://t.co/LZIUCgdPTH
Small Business Optimism Soars to Highest Level Ever | Breitbart https://t.co/T6rFhfPz6n via @BreitbartNews
#NeverForget #September11th https://t.co/l8WZer3UOL
17 years since September 11th!
Departing Washington, D.C. to attend a Flight 93 September 11th Memorial Service in Shanksville, Pennsylvania with Melania. #NeverForget https://t.co/O2sFUeRqeb
Rudy Giuliani did a GREAT job as Mayor of NYC during the period of September 11th. His leadership, bravery and skill must never be forgotten. Rudy is a TRUE WARRIOR!
“ERIC Holder could be running the Justice Department right now and it would be behaving no differently than it is.” @LouDobbs
New Strzok-Page texts reveal “Media Leak Strategy.”  @FoxNews  So terrible, and NOTHING is being done at DOJ or FBI - but the world is watching, and they get it completely.
#NeverForget  #September11th https://t.co/ExGrrVtrEf
“We have found nothing to show collusion between President Trump &amp; Russia, absolutely zero, but every day we get more documentation showing collusion between the FBI &amp; DOJ, the Hillary campaign, foreign spies &amp; Russians, incredible.” @SaraCarterDC @LouDobbs
https://t.co/Vh47XjGzpt
Just had calls with South Carolina Governor Henry McMaster, North Carolina Governor Roy Cooper, and Virginia Governor Ralph Northam regarding the incoming storm. Federal Government stands by, ready to assist 24/7.
My people just informed me that this is one of the worst storms to hit the East Coast in many years. Also, looking like a direct hit on North Carolina, South Carolina and Virginia. Please be prepared, be careful and be SAFE!
Was just briefed via phone by @DHSgov @SecNielsen and @FEMA @FEMA_Brock, along with @VP Mike Pence and Chief of Staff, John Kelly on incoming storm which is very dangerous. Heed the directions of your State and Local Officials - and know that WE are here for you. Be SAFE! https://t.co/sN8D5NvrBa
Chuck Schumer is holding up 320 appointments (Ambassadors, Executives, etc.) of great people who have left jobs and given up so much in order to come into Government. Schumer and the Democrats continue to OBSTRUCT!
To the incredible citizens of North Carolina, South Carolina and the entire East Coast - the storm looks very bad! Please take all necessary precautions. We have already began mobilizing our assets to respond accordingly, and we are here for you! https://t.co/g74cyD6b6K
The Storms in the Atlantic are very dangerous. We encourage anyone in the path of these storms to prepare themselves and to heed the warnings of State and Local officials. The Federal Government is closely monitoring and ready to assist. We are with you!
“President Trump would need a magic wand to get to 4% GDP,” stated President Obama. I guess I have a magic wand, 4.2%, and we will do MUCH better than this! We have just begun.
The Economy is soooo good, perhaps the best in our country’s history (remember, it’s the economy stupid!), that the Democrats are flailing &amp; lying like CRAZY! Phony books, articles and T.V. “hits” like no other pol has had to endure-and they are losing big. Very dishonest people!
“It is mostly anonymous sources in here, why should anyone trust you? General Mattis, General Kelly said it’s not true.” @SavannahGuthrie  @TODAYshow  Bob Woodward is a liar who is like a Dem operative prior to the Midterms. He was caught cold, even by NBC.
“I’m taking this book with a grain of salt &amp; everyone should do the same. Multiple sources, but almost every one of them has come out and discredited the claims made by Woodward. You cannot take this book too seriously.” Katelyn Caralle, Washington Examiner
The White House is a “smooth running machine.” We are making some of the biggest and most important deals in our country’s history - with many more to come! The Dems are going crazy!
The White House is running beautifully. We are making some of the greatest and most important deals in our countries history - with many more to come. Big progress!
The Woodward book is a Joke - just another assault against me, in a barrage of assaults, using now disproven unnamed and anonymous sources. Many have already come forward to say the quotes by them, like the book, are fiction. Dems can’t stand losing. I’ll write the real book!
If the Democrats had won the Election in 2016, GDP, which was about 1% and going down, would have been minus 4% instead of up 4.2%. I opened up our beautiful economic engine with Regulation and Tax Cuts. Our system was choking and would have been made worse. Still plenty to do!
The GDP Rate (4.2%) is higher than the Unemployment Rate (3.9%) for the first time in over 100 years!
Melania and I wish all Jewish people Shana Tova and send our warmest greetings to those celebrating Rosh Hashanah and the start of the High Holy Days... https://t.co/uMrHHX5il0
...its commitment to denuclearize.” @FoxNews  This is a big and very positive statement from North Korea. Thank you To Chairman Kim. We will both prove everyone wrong! There is nothing like good dialogue from two people that like each other! Much better than before I took office.
North Korea has just staged their parade, celebrating 70th anniversary of founding, without the customary display of nuclear missiles. Theme was peace and economic development. “Experts believe that North Korea cut out the nuclear missiles to show President Trump......
Wow, NFL first game ratings are way down over an already really bad last year comparison. Viewership declined 13%, the lowest in over a decade. If the players stood proudly for our Flag and Anthem, and it is all shown on broadcast, maybe ratings could come back? Otherwise worse!
“Trump has set Economic Growth on fire. During his time in office, the economy has achieved feats most experts thought impossible. GDP is growing at a 3 percent-plus rate. The unemployment rate is near a 50 year low.” CNBC...Also, the Stock Market is up almost 50% since Election!
If the U.S. sells a car into China, there is a tax of 25%. If China sells a car into the U.S., there is a tax of 2%. Does anybody think that is FAIR? The days of the U.S. being ripped-off by other nations is OVER!
“Ford has abruptly killed a plan to sell a Chinese-made small vehicle in the U.S. because of the prospect of higher U.S. Tariffs.” CNBC.  This is just the beginning. This car can now be BUILT IN THE U.S.A. and Ford will pay no tariffs!
“Barack Obama talked a lot about hope, but Donald Trump delivered the American Dream. All the economic indicators, what’s happening overseas, Donald Trump has proven to be far more successful than Barack Obama. President Trump is delivering the American Dream.” Jason Chaffetz
“Barrack Obama talked a lot about hope, but Donald Trump delivered the American Dream. All the economic indicators, what’s happening overseas, Donald Trump has proven to be far more successful than Barrack Obama. President Trump is delivering the American Dream.” Jason Chaffetz
Happy Anniversary! #ProudDeplorable https://t.co/iHyeu5a8DD
So nice, thank you both! https://t.co/IAskDJIILo
The Dems have tried every trick in the playbook-call me everything under the sun. But if I’m all of those terrible things, how come I beat them so badly, 306-223? Maybe they’re just not very good! The fact is they are going CRAZY only because they know they can’t beat me in 2020!
Republicans are doing really well with the Senate Midterms. Races that we were not even thinking about winning are now very close, or even leading. Election night will be very interesting indeed!
Our Social Media (and beyond) Stars, @DiamondandSilk, are terrific people who are doing really well. We are all very proud of them, and their great success!
So true! “Mr. Trump remains the single most popular figure in the Republican Party, whose fealty has helped buoy candidates in competitive Republican primaries and remains a hot commodity among general election candidates.”  Nicholas Fandos, @nytimes
Apple prices may increase because of the massive Tariffs we may be imposing on China - but there is an easy solution where there would be ZERO tax, and indeed a tax incentive. Make your products in the United States instead of China. Start building new plants now. Exciting! #MAGA
We are breaking all Jobs and Economic Records but, importantly, our Country has TREMENDOUS FUTURE POTENTIAL. We have just begun!
“To this point, President Trump’s achievements are unprecedented.”  @LouDobbs
Dave Hughes is running for Congress in the Great State of Minnesota. He will help us accomplish our America First policies, is strong on Crime, the Border, our 2nd Amendmen, Trade, Military and Vets. Running against Pelosi Liberal Puppet Petterson. Dave has my Total Endorsement!
14 days for $28 MILLION - $2 MILLION a day, No Collusion. A great day for America!
“Unprecedented Jobs Growth Streak Continues as Wages Rise” https://t.co/Mk0WSyjdOe
Under our horrible immigration laws, the Government is frequently blocked from deporting criminal aliens with violent felony convictions. House GOP just passed a bill to increase our ability to deport violent felons (Crazy Dems opposed). Need to get this bill to my desk fast!
The Woodward book is a scam. I don’t talk the way I am quoted. If I did I would not have been elected President. These quotes were made up. The author uses every trick in the book to demean and belittle. I wish the people could see the real facts - and our country is doing GREAT!
Matt Rosendale will be a Great Senator from a Great State, Montana! He is a fighter who will be tough on Crime and the Border, fight hard for our 2nd Amendment and loves our Military and our Vets. He has my full and complete Endorsement!
What was Nike thinking?
Thank you Montana, I love you! https://t.co/9J4Xv2PoNw
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! https://t.co/RPOYiqsHHH
Getting ready to go on stage for Matt Rosendale, who will be a great Senator. Jon Tester has let the people of Montana down &amp; does not deserve another six years. Matt is strong on Crime, the Borders, &amp; will save your Second Amendment from the onslaught. Loves our Military &amp; Vets!
Landing in Montana now to support Matt Rosendale for U.S. Senate! #MAGA https://t.co/0MIEyWxMbW
Are the investigative “journalists” of the New York Times going to investigate themselves - who is the anonymous letter writer?
Look forward to seeing everyone in Montana tonight! #MAGA https://t.co/fyHduA2Peo
“The record is quite remarkable. The President has faithfully followed the agenda he campaigned on in 2016. People should focus on the results, and they’re extraordinary!”  James Freeman - Wall Street Journal
Cosumer confidence highest in 18 years, Atlanta Fed forecasts 4.7 GDP, manufacturing jobs highest in many years. “It’s the story of the Trump Administration, the Economic Success, that’s unnerving his detractors.” @MariaBartiromo
The Deep State and the Left, and their vehicle, the Fake News Media, are going Crazy - &amp; they don’t know what to do. The Economy is booming like never before, Jobs are at Historic Highs, soon TWO Supreme Court Justices &amp; maybe Declassification to find Additional Corruption. Wow!
Kim Jong Un of North Korea proclaims “unwavering faith in President Trump.” Thank you to Chairman Kim. We will get it done together!
I’m draining the Swamp, and the Swamp is trying to fight back. Don’t worry, we will win!
Does the so-called “Senior Administration Official” really exist, or is it just the Failing New York Times with another phony source? If the GUTLESS anonymous person does indeed exist, the Times must, for National Security purposes, turn him/her over to government at once!
TREASON?
The Failing New York Times! https://t.co/SHsXvYKpBf
Today, it was my honor to welcome the Amir of Kuwait to the @WhiteHouse! https://t.co/b5iqsajpOj https://t.co/8wtucJrtEl
Join me tomorrow night at 7:00pm MDT in Billings, Montana for a MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN RALLY! Get your tickets here: https://t.co/fyHduA2Peo
Thank you General Mattis, book is boring &amp; untrue! https://t.co/Bq79ZjF3Dk
Thank you General Kelly, book is total fiction! https://t.co/J5iUONhRin
Just like the NFL, whose ratings have gone WAY DOWN, Nike is getting absolutely killed with anger and boycotts. I wonder if they had any idea that it would be this way? As far as the NFL is concerned, I just find it hard to watch, and always will, until they stand for the FLAG!
The Trump Economy is booming with help of House and Senate GOP. #FarmBill with SNAP work  requirements will bolster farmers and get America back to work. Pass the Farm Bill with SNAP work requirements!
Almost everyone agrees that my Administration has done more in less than two years than any other Administration in the history of our Country. I’m tough as hell on people &amp; if I weren’t, nothing would get done. Also, I question everybody &amp; everything-which is why I got elected!
Isn’t it a shame that someone can write an article or book, totally make up stories and form a picture of a person that is literally the exact opposite of the fact, and get away with it without retribution or cost. Don’t know why Washington politicians don’t change libel laws?
“Secretary Mattis Nukes Woodward Allegations” https://t.co/H5bPjsVXNb
Jim Mattis Calls Woodward Book 'Fiction': 'Product of Someone's Rich Imagination' https://t.co/HGMDiH98nx via @BreitbartNews
The already discredited Woodward book, so many lies and phony sources, has me calling Jeff Sessions “mentally retarded” and “a dumb southerner.” I said NEITHER, never used those terms on anyone, including Jeff, and being a southerner is a GREAT thing. He made this up to divide!
Sleepy Eyes Chuck Todd of Fake NBC News said it’s time for the Press to stop complaining and to start fighting back. Actually Chuck, they’ve been doing that from the day I announced for President. They’ve gone all out, and I WON, and now they’re going CRAZY!
The Woodward book has already been refuted and discredited by General (Secretary of Defense) James Mattis and General (Chief of Staff) John Kelly. Their quotes were made up frauds, a con on the public. Likewise other stories and quotes. Woodward is a Dem operative? Notice timing?
Statement from White House @PressSec, Sarah Sanders: https://t.co/mE73HSi6Rl
Statement from White House Chief of Staff, General John Kelly: https://t.co/LUN8cDr3N5
Statement from Secretary of Defense, James Mattis: https://t.co/OneaxKCneV
“Judge Brett Kavanaugh is an Exceptionally Qualified and Deserving Nominee for the Supreme Court” https://t.co/nD5XZo9yIm
Paul Cook is a decorated Marine Corps Veteran who loves and supports our Military and Vets. He is Strong on Crime, the Border, and supported Tax Cuts for the people of California. Paul has my total and complete Endorsement!
“Pledge to America’s Workers” https://t.co/wbGZU6oi9G
....looking to inflict pain and embarrassment to one of the most highly renowned jurists to ever appear before Congress. So sad to see!
The Brett Kavanaugh hearings for the future Justice of the Supreme Court are truly a display of how mean, angry, and despicable the other side is. They will say anything, and are only....
Jon Kyl will be an extraordinary Senator representing an extraordinary state, Arizona. I look forward to working with him!
Everyone in the path of #Gordon please heed the advice of State and local officials and follow @NHC_Atlantic for updates. The Federal Government stands ready to assist. Be safe! https://t.co/sJiL4wnQID
NBC FAKE NEWS, which is under intense scrutiny over their killing the Harvey Weinstein story, is now fumbling around making excuses for their probably highly unethical conduct. I have long criticized NBC and their journalistic standards-worse than even CNN. Look at their license?
President Bashar al-Assad of Syria must not recklessly attack Idlib Province. The Russians and Iranians would be making a grave humanitarian mistake to take part in this potential human tragedy. Hundreds of thousands of people could be killed. Don’t let that happen!
According to the Failing New York Times, the FBI started a major effort to flip Putin loyalists in 2014-2016. “It wasn’t about Trump, he wasn’t even close to a candidate yet.”  Rigged Witch Hunt!
I see that John Kerry, the father of the now terminated Iran deal, is thinking of running for President. I should only be so lucky - although the field that is currently assembling looks really good - FOR ME!
....The Democrats, none of whom voted for Jeff Sessions, must love him now. Same thing with Lyin’ James Comey. The Dems all hated him, wanted him out, thought he was disgusting - UNTIL I FIRED HIM! Immediately he became a wonderful man, a saint like figure in fact. Really sick!
Two long running, Obama era, investigations of  two very popular Republican Congressmen were brought to a well publicized charge, just ahead of the Mid-Terms, by the Jeff Sessions Justice Department. Two easy wins now in doubt because there is not enough time. Good job Jeff......
The U.S. is respected again! https://t.co/NtQ4vsoqnk
Richard Trumka, the head of the AFL-CIO, represented his union poorly on television this weekend. Some of the things he said were so against the working men and women of our country, and the success of the U.S. itself, that it is easy to see why unions are doing so poorly. A Dem!
The Worker in America is doing better than ever before. Celebrate Labor Day!
Happy Labor Day! Our country is doing better than ever before with unemployment setting record lows. The U.S. has tremendous upside potential as we go about fixing some of the worst Trade Deals ever made by any country in the world. Big progress being made!
Richard Trumka, the head of the AFL-CIO, represented his union poorly on television this weekend. Some of the things he said were so againt the working men and women of our country, and the success of the U.S. itself, that it is easy to see why unions are doing so poorly. A Dem!
....The fact is that African/American unemployment is now the lowest in the history of our country. Same with Asian, Hispanic and almost every other group. The Democrats have been all talk and no action. My Administration has already produced like no other, and everyone sees it!
Tiger Woods showed great class in the way he answered the question about the Office of the Presidency and me. Now they say the so-called “left” is angry at him. So sad, but the “center &amp; right” loves Tiger, Kanye, George Foreman, Jim Brown &amp; so many other greats, even more.......
“There is no possible way the Trump Tower meeting between Don Trump jr and a couple of Russians, who have very deep connections to both the Clintons &amp; Fusion GPS, &amp; where no information on the Clintons was exchanged, is a crime. Dems are blinded by their hatred of Trump.” Bongino
“No information was ever given by the Trump Team to Russia, yet the Hillary Clinton campaign paid for information from Kremlin sources and just washed it through an intermediary, Christopher Steele.”  Jesse Waters
....positions of power. That’s part of the story of the Russia Hoax. Christopher Steele is on the payroll of Hillary Clinton &amp; the FBI, &amp; when they fired him for lying, they continued to use him. Violation of FBI regulations. Kept trying to verify the unverifiable.” @GreggJarrett
“There’s no fairness here, if you’re a Democrat or a friend of Hillary you get immunity or off scott free. If you’re connected to Donald Trump, you get people like Robert Mueller &amp; Andrew Weissman, and his team of partisans, coming after you with a vengeance and abusing their....
We shouldn’t have to buy our friends with bad Trade Deals and Free Military Protection!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
No Deal! Trade Talks with Canada Conclude for the Week with No Agreement | Breitbart https://t.co/87vi7OqopY via @BreitbartNews
....Remember, NAFTA was one of the WORST Trade Deals ever made. The U.S. lost thousands of businesses and millions of jobs. We were far better off before NAFTA - should never have been signed. Even the Vat Tax was not accounted for. We make new deal or go back to pre-NAFTA!
There is no political necessity to keep Canada in the new NAFTA deal. If we don’t make a fair deal for the U.S. after decades of abuse, Canada will be out. Congress should not interfere w/ these negotiations or I will simply terminate NAFTA entirely &amp; we will be far better off...
There is no political necessity to keep Canada in the new NAFTA deal. If we don’t make a fair deal for the U.S. after decade of abuse, Canada will be out. Congress should not interfere with these negotiations or I will simply terminate NAFTA entirely &amp; we will be far better off..
....Donald Trump, and now we find out that there wasn’t even a hearing - that Donald Trump’s 4th Amendment right to privacy was signed away...and someone in there is swearing that this stuff is true, when it wasn’t? This is the scandal here - a police state.”  Dan Bongino
“You have a Fake Dossier, gathered by Steele, paid by the Clinton team to get information on Trump. The Dossier is Fake, nothing in it has been verified. It then filters into our American court system in order to spy on Barrack Obama and Hillary Clinton’s political opponent......
....of the DOJ &amp; FBI are completely out to lunch in terms of exposing and holding those accountable who are responsible for that corruption.” @TomFitton @JudicialWatch
Report: There were no FISA hearings held over Spy documents.”It is astonishing that the FISA courts couldn’t hold hearings on Spy Warrants targeting Donald Trump. It isn’t about Carter Page, it’s about the Trump Campaign. You’ve got corruption at the DOJ &amp; FBI. The leadership....
I love Canada, but they’ve taken advantage of our Country for many years!
“I think today what has happened is that news reporting has become part of the adversary system.” Alan Dershowitz  It has become tainted and corrupt! DJT
Still can’t believe that Bloomberg violated a firm OFF THE RECORD statement. Will they put out an apology?
Great day in North Carolina where Republicans will do very well!
The ABC/Washington Post Poll was by far the least accurate one 2 weeks out from the 2016 Election. I call it a suppression poll - but by Election Day they brought us, out of shame, to about even. They will never learn!
.@Rasmussen_Poll just came out at 48% approval rate despite the constant and intense Fake News. Higher than Election Day and higher than President Obama. Rasmussen was one of the most accurate Election Day polls!
https://t.co/c79zLeREOA
“President Donald J. Trump is Strengthening Retirement Security for American Workers” https://t.co/cKeATuKXDe
Wow, I made OFF THE RECORD COMMENTS to Bloomberg concerning Canada, and this powerful understanding was BLATANTLY VIOLATED. Oh well, just more dishonest reporting. I am used to it. At least Canada knows where I stand!
I will be doing a major rally for Senator Ted Cruz in October. I’m picking the biggest stadium in Texas we can find. As you know, Ted has my complete and total Endorsement. His opponent is a disaster for Texas - weak on Second Amendment, Crime, Borders, Military, and Vets!
Thank you Indiana, I love you!https://t.co/To6s9ViMj1
Throwback Thursday! #MAGA https://t.co/8slzITa1l6
Kevin Stitt ran a great winning campaign against a very tough opponent in Oklahoma. Kevin is a very successful businessman who will be a fantastic Governor. He is strong on Crime &amp; Borders, the 2nd Amendment, &amp; loves our Military &amp; Vets. He has my complete and total Endorsement!
CNN is working frantically to find their “source.” Look hard because it doesn’t exist. Whatever was left of CNN’s credibility is now gone!
Will be going to Evansville, Indiana, tonight for a big crowd rally with Mike Braun, a very successful businessman who is campaigning to be Indiana’s next U.S. Senator. He is strong on Crime &amp; Borders, the 2nd Amendment, and loves our Military &amp; Vets. Will be a big night!
I am very excited about the person who will be taking the place of Don McGahn as White House Counsel! I liked Don, but he was NOT responsible for me not firing Bob Mueller or Jeff Sessions. So much Fake Reporting and Fake News!
The Rigged Russia Witch Hunt did not come into play, even a little bit, with respect to my decision on Don McGahn!
Wow, Nellie Ohr, Bruce Ohr’s wife, is a Russia expert who is fluent in Russian. She worked for Fusion GPS where she was paid a lot. Collusion! Bruce was a boss at the Department of Justice and is, unbelievably, still there!
I am very excited about the person who will be taking the place of Don McGahn as White House Councel! I liked Don, but he was NOT responsible for me not firing Bob Mueller or Jeff Sessions. So much Fake Reporting and Fake News!
The only thing James Comey ever got right was when he said that President Trump was not under investigation!
Ivanka Trump &amp; Jared Kushner had NOTHING to do with the so called “pushing out” of Don McGahn.The Fake News Media has it, purposely,so wrong! They love to portray chaos in the White House when they know that chaos doesn’t exist-just a “smooth running machine” with changing parts!
The news from the Financial Markets is even better than anticipated. For all of you that have made a fortune in the markets, or seen your 401k’s rise beyond your wildest expectations, more good news is coming!
I just cannot state strongly enough how totally dishonest much of the Media is. Truth doesn’t matter to them, they only have their hatred &amp; agenda. This includes fake books, which come out about me all the time, always anonymous sources, and are pure fiction. Enemy of the People!
What’s going on at @CNN is happening, to different degrees, at other networks - with @NBCNews being the worst. The good news is that Andy Lack(y) is about to be fired(?) for incompetence, and much worse. When Lester Holt got caught fudging my tape on Russia, they were hurt badly!
The hatred and extreme bias of me by @CNN has clouded their thinking and made them unable to function. But actually, as I have always said, this has been going on for a long time. Little Jeff Z has done a terrible job, his ratings suck, &amp; AT&amp;T should fire him to save credibility!
Watch: Kanye West Says Trump Wants to Be the ‘Greatest President’ for Black Americans https://t.co/ECxTzVNZeG via @BreitbartNews
...charge of the FISA court. He should direct the Presiding Judge, Rosemary Collier, to hold a hearing, haul all of these people from the DOJ &amp; FBI in there, &amp; if she finds there were crimes committed, and there were, there should be a criminal referral by her....” @GreggJarrett
“Ohr told the FBI it (the Fake Dossier) wasn’t true, it was a lie and the FBI was determined to use it anyway to damage Trump and to perpetrate a fraud on the court to spy on the Trump campaign. This is a fraud on the court. The Chief Justice of the U.S. Supreme Court is in......
“Lanny Davis admits being anonymous source in CNN Report.” @BretBaier  Oh well, so much for CNN saying it wasn’t Lanny. No wonder their ratings are so low, it’s FAKE NEWS!
CNN is being torn apart from within based on their being caught in a major lie and refusing to admit the mistake. Sloppy @carlbernstein, a man who lives in the past and thinks like a degenerate fool, making up story after story, is being laughed at all over the country! Fake News
...of money on joint U.S.-South Korea war games. Besides, the President can instantly start the joint exercises again with South Korea, and Japan, if he so chooses. If he does, they will be far bigger than ever before. As for the U.S.–China trade disputes, and other...
...differences, they will be resolved in time by President Trump and China’s great President Xi Jinping. Their relationship and bond remain very strong.
...considerable aid, including money, fuel, fertilizer and various other commodities. This is not helpful! Nonetheless, the President believes that his relationship with Kim Jong Un is a very good and warm one, and there is no reason at this time to be spending large amounts...
STATEMENT FROM THE WHITE HOUSEPresident Donald J. Trump feels strongly that North Korea is under tremendous pressure from China because of our major trade disputes with the Chinese Government. At the same time, we also know that China is providing North Korea with...
#StopTheBias https://t.co/xqz599iQZw
How the hell is Bruce Ohr still employed at the Justice Department? Disgraceful!  Witch Hunt!
Consumer Confidence Index, just out, is the HIGHEST IN 18 YEARS! Also, GDP revised upward to 4.2 from 4.1. Our country is doing great!
White House Counsel Don McGahn will be leaving his position in the fall, shortly after the confirmation (hopefully) of Judge Brett Kavanaugh to the United States Supreme Court. I have worked with Don for a long time and truly appreciate his service!
Martha McSally is an extraordinary woman. She was a very talented fighter jet pilot and is now a highly respected member of Congress. She is Strong on Crime, the Border and our  under siege 2nd Amendment. Loves our Military and our Vets. Has my total and complete Endorsement!
When you see “anonymous source,” stop reading the story, it is fiction!
“Anonymous Sources are really starting to BURN the media.” @FoxNews The fact is that many anonymous sources don’t even exist. They are fiction made up by the Fake News reporters. Look at the lie that Fake CNN is now in. They got caught red handed! Enemy of the People!
Big Election Wins last night! The Republican Party will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Actually, it is happening faster than anybody thought possible! It is morphing into KEEP AMERICA GREAT!
“Hillary Clinton and the DNC paid for information from the Russian government to use against her government - there’s no doubt about that!” @TuckerCarlson
“The Obama people did something that’s never been done...They spied on a rival presidential campaign. Would it be OK if Trump did it next? I am losing faith that our system is on the level. I’m beginning to think it is rotten &amp; corrupt. Scary stuff Obama did.” @TuckerCarlson  DOJ
Not only did Congressman Ron DeSantis easily win the Republican Primary, but his opponent in November is his biggest dream....a failed Socialist Mayor named Andrew Gillum who has allowed crime &amp; many other problems to flourish in his city. This is not what Florida wants or needs!
Martha McSally, running in the Arizona Primary for U.S. Senate, was endorsed by rejected Senator Jeff Flake....and turned it down - a first! Now Martha, a great U.S. Military fighter jet pilot and highly respected member of Congress, WINS BIG. Congratulations, and on to November!
Hillary Clinton’s Emails, many of which are Classified Information, got hacked by China. Next move better be by the FBI &amp; DOJ or, after all of their other missteps (Comey, McCabe, Strzok, Page, Ohr, FISA, Dirty Dossier etc.), their credibility will be forever gone!
New Poll - A majority of Americans think that John Brennan and James Comey should have their Security Clearances Revoked. Not surprised! @FoxNews
Our new Trade Deal with Mexico focuses on FARMERS, GROWTH for our country, tearing down TRADE BARRIERS, JOBS and having companies continue to POUR BACK INTO OUR COUNTRY. It will be a big hit!
Add the 2026 World Cup to our long list of accomplishments!
Report just out: “China hacked Hillary Clinton’s private Email Server.” Are they sure it wasn’t Russia (just kidding!)? What are the odds that the FBI and DOJ are right on top of this? Actually, a very big story. Much classified information!
Congratulations to Governor Rick Scott of Florida on his conclusive Republican Primary Win. He will be a great Senator!
Such a fantastic win for Ron DeSantis and the people of the Great State of Florida. Ron will be a fantastic Governor. On to November!
https://t.co/H2FiSVxyOF
“Consumer confidence pops in August to highest level since October 2000” https://t.co/1Gg5IOtbNa
....results on “Trump News” are from National Left-Wing Media, very dangerous. Google &amp; others are suppressing voices of Conservatives and hiding information and news that is good. They are controlling what we can &amp; cannot see. This is a very serious situation-will be addressed!
Google search results for “Trump News” shows only the viewing/reporting of Fake News Media. In other words, they have it RIGGED, for me &amp; others, so that almost all stories &amp; news is BAD. Fake CNN is prominent. Republican/Conservative &amp; Fair Media is shut out. Illegal? 96% of....
I smile at Senators and others talking about how good free trade is for the U.S. What they don’t say is that we lose Jobs and over 800 Billion Dollars a year on really dumb Trade Deals....and these same countries Tariff us to death. These lawmakers are just fine with this!
NASDAQ has just gone above 8000 for the first time in history!
“President Trump has done more for minority groups in this country than any president in decades.”  @LouDobbs
....results on “Trump News” are from National Left-Wing Media, very dangerous. Google &amp; others are suppressing voices of Conservatives and hiding information and news that is good. They are controlling what we can &amp; cannot see. This is a very serious situation-will be addressed!
Google search results for “Trump News” shows only the viewing/reporting of Fake New Media. In other words, they have it RIGGED, for me &amp; others, so that almost all stories &amp; news is BAD. Fake CNN is prominent. Republican/Conservative &amp; Fair Media  is shut out. Illegal?  96% of...
VOTE FOR RON! https://t.co/80NShvQ73u
.@FLOTUS Melania and I were honored to welcome the President of the Republic of Kenya, @UKenyatta and Mrs. Margaret Kenyatta to the @WhiteHouse today! https://t.co/ZU5MovNKt8
United States-Mexico Trade Agreement: https://t.co/E1AzveYPli https://t.co/ZYbHt1pD8a
Governor Doug Ducey of Arizona is doing a great job. It would be really nice to show your support tomorrow by voting for him in Tuesdays Primary. Doug is strong on Crime, the Border, and our Second Amendment. Loves our Military &amp; our Vets. He has my full and complete Endorsement.
Congressman Ron DeSantis is a special person who has done an incredible job. He is running in Tuesdays Primary for Governor of Florida….Strong on Crime, Borders and wants Low Taxes. He will be a great Governor and has my full and total Endorsement!
Rick Scott of Florida is doing a fantastic job as Governor. Jobs are pouring into the State and its economic health is better than ever before. He is strong on Crime, Borders, and loves our Military and Vets. Vote for Rick on Tuesday!
A big deal looking good with Mexico!
The Fake News Media worked hard to get Tiger Woods to say something that he didn’t want to say. Tiger wouldn’t play the game - he is very smart. More importantly, he is playing great golf again!
Thank you to the great @JimBrownNFL32, perhaps the greatest running back of all time, for your wonderful words and support. Since our meeting in New York, African-American UNEMPLOYMENT has reached the LOWEST LEVEL IN HISTORY. You get it!
Over 90% approval rating for your all time favorite (I hope) President within the Republican Party and 52% overall. This despite all of the made up stories by the Fake News Media trying endlessly to make me look as bad and evil as possible. Look at the real villains please!
“Mainstream Media tries to rewrite history to credit Obama for Trump accomplishments. Since President Trump took office, the economy is booming. The stronger the economy gets, the more desperate his critics are. O had weakest recovery since Great Depression.” @WashTimes
Fantastic numbers on consumer spending released on Friday. Stock Market hits all time high!
...And it will get, as I have always said, much better from even here! https://t.co/El26RzBjpG
My deepest sympathies and respect go out to the family of Senator John McCain. Our hearts and prayers are with you!
Stock Market hit all time high on Friday. Congratulations U.S.A.!
Our relationship with Mexico is getting closer by the hour. Some really good people within both the new and old government, and all working closely together....A big Trade Agreement with Mexico could be happening soon!
“The FBI looked at less than 1%” of Crooked’s Emails!
“The FBI only looked at 3000 of 675,000 Crooked Hillary Clinton Emails.” They purposely didn’t look at the disasters. This news is just out. @FoxNews
Big story out that the FBI ignored tens of thousands of Crooked Hillary Emails, many of which are REALLY BAD. Also gave false election info. I feel sure that we will soon be getting to the bottom of all of this corruption. At some point I may have to get involved!
.@LindseyGrahamSC  “Every President deserves an Attorney General they have confidence in. I believe every President has a right to their Cabinet, these are not lifetime appointments. You serve at the pleasure of the President.”
Jeff Sessions said he wouldn’t allow politics to influence him only because he doesn’t understand what is happening underneath his command position. Highly conflicted Bob Mueller and his gang of 17 Angry Dems are having a field day as real corruption goes untouched. No Collusion!
Michaels Cohen’s attorney clarified the record, saying his client does not know if President Trump knew about the Trump Tower meeting (out of which came nothing!). The answer is that I did NOT know about the meeting. Just another phony story by the Fake News Media!
Happy birthday Vince, you are truly one of the greats! https://t.co/b8zV5MfojY
Great #StateDinner2018 in Ohio tonight! Together, we are MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! https://t.co/ALU1PHEsvh
Great to see the Senate working on solutions to end the secrecy around ridiculously high drug prices, something I called for in my drug pricing Blueprint. Will now work with the House to help American patients! #AmericanPatientsFirst
Congratulations to new Australian Prime Minister Scott Morrison. There are no greater friends than the United States and Australia!
I spoke with Governor David Ige of Hawaii today to express our full support for the people of Hawaii as the State is impacted by #HurricaneLane. The Federal Government is fully committed to helping the people of Hawaii. https://t.co/P35yAAovIk
Thank you. I love you Ohio! https://t.co/RQ9Gj0SETz
...Secretary Pompeo looks forward to going to North Korea in the near future, most likely after our Trading relationship with China is resolved. In the meantime I would like to send my warmest regards and respect to Chairman Kim. I look forward to seeing him soon!
...Additionally, because of our much tougher Trading stance with China, I do not believe they are helping with the process of denuclearization as they once were (despite the UN Sanctions which are in place)...
I have asked Secretary of State Mike Pompeo not to go to North Korea, at this time, because I feel we are not making sufficient progress with respect to the denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula...
https://t.co/0a25gApyJ6
Social Media Giants are silencing millions of people. Can’t do this even if it means we must continue to hear Fake News like CNN, whose ratings have suffered gravely. People have to figure out what is real, and what is not, without censorship!
Ex-NSA contractor to spend 63 months in jail over “classified” information. Gee, this is “small potatoes” compared to what Hillary Clinton did! So unfair Jeff, Double Standard.
....FISA abuse, Christopher Steele &amp; his phony and corrupt Dossier, the Clinton Foundation, illegal surveillance of Trump Campaign, Russian collusion by Dems - and so much more. Open up the papers &amp; documents without redaction? Come on Jeff, you can do it, the country is waiting!
“Department of Justice will not be improperly influenced by political considerations.” Jeff, this is GREAT, what everyone wants, so look into all of the corruption on the “other side” including deleted Emails, Comey lies &amp; leaks, Mueller conflicts, McCabe, Strzok, Page, Ohr......
Our Economy is setting records on virtually every front - Probably the best our country has ever done. Tremendous value created since the Election. The World is respecting us again! Companies are moving back to the U.S.A.
Target CEO raves about the Economy. “This is the best consumer environment I’ve seen in my career.” A big statement from a top executive. But virtually everybody is saying this, &amp; when our Trade Deals are made, &amp; cost cutting done, you haven’t seen anything yet!  @DRUDGE_REPORT
...And according to Polls, would do even better today! https://t.co/NAzQOIFW6o
...Cindy has voted for our Agenda in the Senate 100% of the time and has my complete and total Endorsement. We need Cindy to win in Mississippi!
.@cindyhydesmith has helped me put America First! She’s strong on the Wall, is helping me create Jobs, loves our Vets and fights for our conservative judges...
I have authorized an emergency disaster declaration to provide Hawaii the necessary support ahead of #HurricaneLane. Our teams are closely coordinating with the state and local authorities. You are in our thoughts! https://t.co/lrhwbdUavj
It was my great honor to host the Foreign Investment Risk Review Modernization Act Roundtable today at the @WhiteHouse! https://t.co/TjtI7ddtZM
https://t.co/6ZG0P6FRs5
https://t.co/6v90Th0zl1
https://t.co/3PAVDdfJJr
NO COLLUSION - RIGGED WITCH HUNT!
I have asked Secretary of State @SecPompeo to closely study the South Africa land and farm seizures and expropriations and the large scale killing of farmers. “South African Government is now seizing land from white farmers.” @TuckerCarlson @FoxNews
I have asked Secretary of State @MikePompeo4USA to closely study the South Africa land and farm seizures and expropriations and the large scale killing of farmers. “South African Government is now seizing land from white farmers.” @TuckerCarlson  @FoxNews
The only thing that I have done wrong is to win an election that was expected to be won by Crooked Hillary Clinton and the Democrats. The problem is, they forgot to campaign in numerous states!
I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends by @ainsleyearhardt tomorrow from 6:00 A.M. to 9:00 A.M.  Enjoy!
https://t.co/15ibBbf34U
https://t.co/wYCNmkkaNR
Longest bull run in the history of the stock market, congratulations America!
https://t.co/mJtO0AFLus
https://t.co/OGqKufBeHn
Everyone in the path of #HurricaneLane please prepare yourselves, heed the advice of State and local officials, and follow @NWSHonolulu for updates. Be safe! https://t.co/kCwtL8UxNI
Thank you to Democrat Assemblyman Dov Hikind of New York for your very gracious remarks on @foxandfriends for our deporting a longtime resident Nazi back to Germany! Others worked on this for decades.
Michael Cohen plead guilty to two counts of campaign finance violations that are not a crime. President Obama had a big campaign finance violation and it was easily settled!
A large number of counts, ten, could not even be decided in the Paul Manafort case. Witch Hunt!
I feel very badly for Paul Manafort and his wonderful family. “Justice” took a 12 year old tax case, among other things, applied tremendous pressure on him and, unlike Michael Cohen, he refused to “break” - make up stories in order to get a “deal.” Such respect for a brave man!
If anyone is looking for a good lawyer, I would strongly suggest that you don’t retain the services of Michael Cohen!
Thank you West Virginia. I love you! https://t.co/K1OQ98wOh4
MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! https://t.co/gZqP81bclE
Just landed in West Virginia. Big crowd, looking forward to seeing everyone soon! #MAGA
Join me tonight at the Charleston Civic Center in West Virginia at 7:00pmE! Tickets: https://t.co/OX8gGhdmg9
To the incredible people of the Great State of Wyoming: Go VOTE TODAY for Foster Friess - He will be a fantastic Governor! Strong on Crime, Borders &amp; 2nd Amendment. Loves our Military &amp; our Vets. He has my complete and total Endorsement!
Bill DeBlasio, the high taxing Mayor of NYC, just stole my campaign slogan: PROMISES MADE  PROMISES KEPT! That’s not at all nice. No imagination! @foxandfriends
Big Rally tonight in West Virginia. Patrick Morrisey is running a GREAT race for U.S. Senate. I have done so much for West Virginia, against all odds, and having Patrick, a real fighter, by my side, would make things so much easier. See you later. CLEAN COAL!!!!
I am sorry to have to reiterate that there are serious and unpleasant consequences to crossing the Border into the United States ILLEGALLY! If there were no serious consequences, our country would be overrun with people trying to get in, and our system could not handle it!
Fake News, of which there is soooo much (this time the very tired New Yorker) falsely reported that I was going to take the extraordinary step of denying Intelligence Briefings to President Obama. Never discussed or thought of!
Even James Clapper has admonished John Brennan for having gone totally off the rails. Maybe Clapper is being nice to me so he doesn’t lose his Security Clearance for lying to Congress!
A Blue Wave means Crime and Open Borders. A Red Wave means Safety and Strength!
I am hearing so many great things about the Republican Party’s California Gubernatorial Candidate, John Cox. He is a very successful businessman who is tired of high Taxes &amp; Crime. He will Make California Great Again &amp;  make you proud of your Great State again. Total Endorsement!
Will be going to the Great State of West Virginia on Tuesday Night to campaign &amp; do a Rally Speech for a hard working and spectacular person, A.G. Patrick Morrisey, who is running for the U.S. Senate. Patrick has great Energy &amp; Stamina-I need his VOTE to MAGA. Total Endorsement!
Just watched former Intelligence Official Phillip Mudd become totally unglued and weird while debating wonderful @PARISDENNARD over Brennan’s Security Clearance. Dennard destroyed him but Mudd is in no mental condition to have such a Clearance. Should be REVOKED? @seanhannity
.@DianeHarkey is an extraordinary woman of great accomplishment &amp; potential. She is running as a very popular Republican for the Congressional seat of my friend Darrell Issa-with his complete support. Diane is strong on crime, loves our Military &amp; Vets-has my total Endorsement!
https://t.co/PeF12D2IqJ
It is outrageous that Poisonous Synthetic Heroin Fentanyl comes pouring into the U.S. Postal System from China. We can, and must, END THIS NOW! The Senate should pass the STOP ACT – and firmly STOP this poison from killing our children and destroying our country. No more delay!
“Bruce Ohr is at the center of FALSE ALLEGATIONS which led to a multi-million dollar investigation into what apparently didn’t happen.” Darrell Issa, House Oversight. We can take out the word “apparently.”  @FoxNews
Will Bruce Ohr, whose family received big money for helping to create the phony, dirty and discredited Dossier, ever be fired from the Jeff Sessions  “Justice” Department? A total joke!
Everybody wants to keep their Security Clearance, it’s worth great prestige and big dollars, even board seats, and that is why certain people are coming forward to protect Brennan. It certainly isn’t because of the good job he did! He is a political “hack.”
I hope John Brennan, the worst CIA Director in our country’s history, brings a lawsuit. It will then be very easy to get all of his records, texts, emails and documents to show not only the poor job he did, but how he was involved with the Mueller Rigged Witch Hunt. He won’t sue!
Where’s the Collusion? They made up a phony crime called Collusion, and when there was no Collusion they say there was Obstruction (of a phony crime that never existed). If you FIGHT BACK or say anything bad about the Rigged Witch Hunt, they scream Obstruction!
....looking for trouble. They are enjoying ruining people’s lives and REFUSE to look at the real corruption on the Democrat side - the lies, the firings, the deleted Emails and soooo much more! Mueller’s Angry Dems are looking to impact the election. They are a National Disgrace!
Disgraced and discredited Bob Mueller and his whole group of Angry Democrat Thugs spent over 30 hours with the White House Councel, only with my approval, for purposes of transparency. Anybody needing that much time when they know there is no Russian Collusion is just someone....
Study the late Joseph McCarthy, because we are now in period with Mueller and his gang that make Joseph McCarthy look like a baby! Rigged Witch Hunt!
Some members of the media are very Angry at the Fake Story in the New York Times. They actually called to complain and apologize - a big step forward. From the day I announced, the Times has been Fake News, and with their disgusting new Board Member, it will only get worse!
The Failing New York Times wrote a story that made it seem like the White House Councel had TURNED on the President, when in fact it is just the opposite - &amp; the two Fake reporters knew this. This is why the Fake News Media has become the Enemy of the People. So bad for America!
No Collusion and No Obstruction, except by Crooked Hillary and the Democrats. All of the resignations and corruption, yet heavily conflicted Bob Mueller refuses to even look in that direction. What about the Brennan, Comey, McCabe, Strzok lies to Congress, or Crooked’s Emails!
....and have demanded transparency so that this Rigged and Disgusting Witch Hunt can come to a close. So many lives have been ruined over nothing - McCarthyism at its WORST! Yet Mueller &amp; his gang of Dems refuse to look at the real crimes on the other side - Media is even worse!
The failing @nytimes wrote a Fake piece today implying that because White House Councel Don McGahn was giving hours of testimony to the Special Councel, he must be a John Dean type “RAT.” But I allowed him and all others to testify - I didn’t have to. I have nothing to hide......
I allowed White House Counsel Don McGahn, and all other requested members of the White House Staff, to fully cooperate with the Special Counsel. In addition we readily gave over one million pages of documents. Most transparent in history. No Collusion, No Obstruction. Witch Hunt!
I allowed White House Counsel Don McGahn, and all other requested members of the White House Staff, to fully cooperate with the Special Councel. In addition we readily gave over one million pages of documents. Most transparent in history. No Collusion, No Obstruction. Witch Hunt!
The United States has ended the ridiculous 230 Million Dollar yearly development payment to Syria. Saudi Arabia and other rich countries in the Middle East will start making payments instead of the U.S. I want to develop the U.S., our military and countries that help us!
https://t.co/TfRmZA8RWQ
The Economy is stronger and better than ever before. Importantly, there remains tremendous potential - it will only get better with time!
Great Job  Rachel Campos-Duffy on @foxandfriends.
Has anyone looked at the mistakes that John Brennan made while serving as CIA Director? He will go down as easily the WORST in history &amp; since getting out, he has become nothing less than a loudmouth, partisan, political hack who cannot be trusted with the secrets to our country!
https://t.co/5kIR5EggBp
All of the fools that are so focused on looking only at Russia should start also looking in another direction, China. But in the end, if we are smart, tough and well prepared, we will get along with everyone!
....Too many voices are being destroyed, some good &amp; some bad, and that cannot be allowed to happen. Who is making the choices, because I can already tell you that too many mistakes are being made. Let everybody participate, good &amp; bad, and we will all just have to figure it out!
.....Censorship is a very dangerous thing &amp; absolutely impossible to police. If you are weeding out Fake News, there is nothing so Fake as CNN &amp; MSNBC, &amp; yet I do not ask that their sick behavior be removed. I get used to it and watch with a grain of salt, or don’t watch at all..
Social Media is totally discriminating against Republican/Conservative voices. Speaking loudly and clearly for the Trump Administration, we won’t let that happen. They are closing down the opinions of many people on the RIGHT, while at the same time doing nothing to others.......
....financial gain is a Federal Gratuity Statute Violation, Bribery Statute Violation, Honest Services Violation....all Major Crimes....because the DOJ is run by BLANK Jeff Sessions......”  Gregg Jarrett.  So when does Mueller do what must be done? Probably never! @FoxNews
“Bruce Ohr of DOJ is in legal jeopardy, it’s astonishing that he’s still employed. Bruce &amp; Nelly Ohr’s bank account is getting fatter &amp; fatter because of the Dossier that they are both peddling. He doesn’t disclose it under Fed Regs. Using your Federal office for personal.......
“Bruce Ohr of DOJ is in legal jeopardy, it’s astonishingthat he’s still employed. Bruce &amp; Nelly Ohr’s bank account is getting fatter &amp; fatter because of the Dossier that they are both peddling. He doesn’t disclose it under Fed Regs. Using your Federal office for personal.......
“Fox News has learned that Bruce Ohr wrote Christopher Steele following the firing of James Comey saying that he was afraid the anti-Trump Russia probe will be exposed.”  Charles Payne  @FoxBusiness   How much more does Mueller have to see? They have blinders on - RIGGED!
https://t.co/TmICRUV9uo
...I say Andrew’s was a bigger and more incompetent blunder. He should easily win his race against a Super Liberal Actress, but his political career is over!
Which is worse, Hightax Andrew Cuomo's statement, “WE’RE NOT GOING TO MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN, IT WAS NEVER THAT GREAT” or Hillary Clinton’s “DEPLORABLES” statement...
When a politician admits that “We’re not going to make America great again,” there doesn’t seem to be much reason to ever vote for him. This could be a career threatening statement by Andrew Cuomo, with many wanting him to resign-he will get higher ratings than his brother Chris!
Wow! Big pushback on Governor Andrew Cuomo of New York for his really dumb statement about America’s lack of greatness. I have already MADE America Great Again, just look at the markets, jobs, military- setting records, and we will do even better. Andrew “choked” badly, mistake!
Wow! Big pushback on Governor Andrew Cuomo of New York for his really dumb statement about America’s lack of greatness. I have already MADE America Great Again, just look at the markets, jobs, military- setting records, and we will do even better. Andrew “chocked” badly, mistake!
The U.S. has more than double the growth rate than it had 18 months ago.
Just announced, youth unemployment is at a 50 year low!  @foxandfriends
....attend the big parade already scheduled at Andrews Air Force Base on a different date, &amp; go to the Paris parade, celebrating the end of the War, on November 11th. Maybe we will do something next year in D.C. when the cost comes WAY DOWN. Now we can buy some more jet fighters!
The local politicians who run Washington, D.C. (poorly) know a windfall when they see it. When asked to give us a price for holding a great celebratory military parade, they wanted a number so ridiculously high that I cancelled it. Never let someone hold you up! I will instead...
How does a politician, Cuomo, known for pushing people and businesses out of his state, not to mention having the highest taxes in the U.S., survive making the statement, WE’RE NOT GOING TO MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN, IT WAS NEVER THAT GREAT? Which section of the sentence is worse?
In speaking with some of the world’s top business leaders I asked what it is that would make business (jobs) even better in the U.S. “Stop quarterly reporting &amp; go to a six month system,” said one. That would allow greater flexibility &amp; save money. I have asked the SEC to study!
.....released in 2017. If his statement is based on intelligence he has seen since leaving office, it constitutes an intelligence breach......”  Richard Burr (R-NC) Senate Intel Cmte Chair  @LouDobbs
“Director Brennan’s recent statements purport to know as fact that the Trump campaign colluded with a foreign power. If Director Brennan’s statement is based on intelligence he received while leading the CIA, why didn’t he include it in the Intelligence Community Assessment......
“....An incredibly corrupt FBI &amp; DOJ trying to steer the outcome of a Presidential Election. Brennan has gone off the deep end, he’s disgraced and discredited himself. His conduct has been outrageous.” Chris Farrell, Judicial Watch.
How can “Senator” Richard Blumenthal, who went around for twenty years as a Connecticut politician bragging that he was a great Marine war hero in Vietnam (then got caught and sobbingly admitted he was neither a Marine nor ever in Vietnam), pass judgement on anyone? Loser!
.@TuckerCarlson speaking of John Brennan: “How did somebody so obviously limited intellectually get to be CIA Director in the first place?” Now that is a really good question! Then followed by “Richard Blumenthal of Connecticut is a FAKE War Hero...” So true, a total Fake!
“Very concerned about Comey’s firing, afraid they will be exposed,” said Bruce Ohr. DOJ’s Emails &amp; Notes show Bruce Ohr’s connection to (phony &amp; discredited) Trump Dossier. A creep thinking he would get caught in a dishonest act. Rigged Witch Hunt!
“While Steele shopped the document to multiple media outlets, he also asked for help with a RUSSIAN Oligarch.”  Catherine Herridge of @FoxNews  @LouDobbs  In other words, they were colluding with Russia!
“The FBI received documents from Bruce Ohr (of the Justice Department &amp; whose wife Nelly worked for Fusion GPS).” Disgraced and fired FBI Agent Peter Strzok. This is too crazy to be believed! The Rigged Witch Hunt has zero credibility.
Turkey has taken advantage of the United States for many years. They are now holding our wonderful Christian Pastor, who I must now ask to represent our Country as a great patriot hostage. We will pay nothing for the release of an innocent man, but we are cutting back on Turkey!
Thank you for the kind words Omarosa! https://t.co/PMmNG6iIsi
Great @Cabinet meeting today at the @WhiteHouse! https://t.co/RwOhQF9SEv
The Queen of Soul, Aretha Franklin, is dead. She was a great woman, with a wonderful gift from God, her voice. She will be missed!
There is nothing that I would want more for our Country than true FREEDOM OF THE PRESS. The fact is that the Press is FREE to write and say anything it wants, but much of what it says is FAKE NEWS, pushing a political agenda or just plain trying to hurt people. HONESTY WINS!
The Boston Globe, which was sold to the the Failing New York Times for 1.3 BILLION DOLLARS (plus 800 million dollars in losses &amp; investment), or 2.1 BILLION DOLLARS, was then sold by the Times for 1 DOLLAR. Now the Globe is in COLLUSION with other papers on free press. PROVE IT!
THE FAKE NEWS MEDIA IS THE OPPOSITION PARTY. It is very bad for our Great Country....BUT WE ARE WINNING!
Our Economy is doing better than ever. Money is pouring into our cherished DOLLAR like rarely before, companies earnings are higher than ever, inflation is low &amp; business optimism is higher than it has ever been. For the first time in many decades, we are protecting our workers!
“I’d strip the whole bunch of them. They’re all corrupt. They’ve all abused their power. They’ve all betrayed the American people with a political agenda. They tried to steal and influence an election in the United States.” @seanhannity
Mark Levin “When they had power they didn’t stop the Russians, the Chinese, the North Koreans, they funded the Iranians &amp; are responsible for the greatest scandal in American history by interfering with our election &amp; trying to undermine the Trump Campaign and Trump Presidency.”
“WE’RE NOT GOING TO MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN, IT WAS NEVER THAT GREAT.” Can you believe this is the Governor of the Highest Taxed State in the U.S., Andrew Cuomo, having a total meltdown!
“WE’RE NOT GONG TO MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN, IT WAS NEVER THAT GREAT.”  Can you believe this is the Governor of the Highest Taxed State in the U.S., Andrew Cuomo, having a total meltdown!
“Hillary Clinton clearly got a pass by the FBI. We have the unfortunate situation where they then decided they were going to frame Donald Trump” concerning the Rigged Witch Hunt. JOE DIGENOVA, former U.S. Attorney.
“John Brennan is a stain on the Country, we deserve better than this.” Former Secret Service Agent and author of new book, “Spygate, the Attempted Sabotage of Donald J. Trump,” Dan Bongino. Thank you Dan, and good luck with the book!
Chuck Schumer, I agree! https://t.co/KfoLkQU5Hv
Our Country was built on Tariffs, and Tariffs are now leading us to great new Trade Deals - as opposed to the horrible and unfair Trade Deals that I inherited as your President. Other Countries should not be allowed to come in and steal the wealth of our great U.S.A. No longer!
Happy Birthday to the leader of the Democrat Party, Maxine Waters!
“The action (the Strzok firing) was a decisive step in the right direction in correcting the wrongs committed by what has been described as Comey’s skinny inner circle.”  Chris Swecker, former FBI Assistant Director.
The Rigged Russian Witch Hunt goes on and on as the “originators and founders” of this scam continue to be fired and demoted for their corrupt and illegal activity. All credibility is gone from this terrible Hoax, and much more will be lost as it proceeds. No Collusion!
My friend and very early supporter Kris Kobach won the Republican Nomination for Governor of Kansas last night in a tough race against a very fine opponent. Kris will win in November and be a great Governor. He has my complete and total Endorsement!
It is about time that Connecticut had a real and talented Governor. Bob Stefanowski is the person needed to do the job. Tough on crime, Bob is also a big cutter of Taxes. He will win in November and make a Great Governor, a major difference maker. Bob has my total Endorsement!
.@PeteStauber won big last night in Minnesota. A big star in Hockey, he will be an even bigger star in politics. It all begins with a win in November. Pete has my complete and total Endorsement!
“People who enter the United States without our permission are illegal aliens and illegal aliens should not be treated the same as people who entered the U.S. legally.” Chuck Schumer in 2009, before he went left and haywire!  @foxandfriends
Congratulations to Bryan Steil on a wonderful win last night. You will be replacing a great guy in Paul Ryan, and your win in November will make the entire State of Wisconsin very proud. You have my complete and total Endorsement!
Jeff Johnson of Minnesota had a big night in winning the Republican nomination for Governor against a very strong and well known opponent! Thanks for all of the support you showed me. You have my complete and total Endorsement. You will win in November!
Scott Walker is very special and will have another great win in November. He has done a fantastic job as Governor of Wisconsin and will always have my full support and Endorsement!
Congratulations to Bryan Steil on a wonderful win last night. Your will be replacing a great guy in Paul Ryan, and your win in November will make the entire State of Wisconsin very proud. You have my complete and total Endorsement!
Congratulations to Leah Vukmir of Wisconsin on your great win last night. You beat a very tough and good competitor and will make a fantastic Senator after winning in November against someone who has done very little. You have my complete and total Endorsement!
“People who enter the United States without our permission are illegal aliens and illegal aliens should not be treated the same as people who enters the U.S. legally.”  Chuck Schumer in 2009, before he went left and haywire!  @foxandfriends
Great Republican election results last night. So far we have the team we want. 8 for 9 in Special Elections. Red Wave!
“Hope and Change in an Alabama Coal Mine” https://t.co/IwLEO9ff9X
Lou Dobbs: “This cannot go forward...this Special Counsel with all of his conflicts, with his 17 Angry Democrats, without any evidence of collusion by the Trump Campaign and Russia. The Dems are the ones who should be investigated.” Thank you Lou, so true!
Strzok started the illegal Rigged Witch Hunt - why isn’t this so-called “probe” ended immediately? Why aren’t these angry and conflicted Democrats instead looking at Crooked Hillary?
Fired FBI Agent Peter Strzok is a fraud, as is the rigged investigation he started. There was no Collusion or Obstruction with Russia, and everybody, including the Democrats, know it. The only Collusion and Obstruction was by Crooked Hillary, the Democrats and the DNC!
“They were all in on it, clear Hillary Clinton and FRAME Donald Trump for things he didn’t do.” Gregg Jarrett on @foxandfriends  If we had a real Attorney General, this Witch Hunt would never have been started! Looking at the wrong people.
Bruce Ohr of the “Justice” Department (can you believe he is still there) is accused of helping disgraced Christopher Steele “find dirt on Trump.” Ohr’s wife, Nelly, was in on the act big time - worked for Fusion GPS on Fake Dossier. @foxandfriends
Another terrorist attack in London...These animals are crazy and must be dealt with through toughness and strength!
When you give a crazed, crying lowlife a break, and give her a job at the White House, I guess it just didn’t work out. Good work by General Kelly for quickly firing that dog!
Lou Dobbs: “This cannot go forward...this Special Councel with all of his conflicts, with his 17 Angry Democrats, without any evidence of collusion by the Trump Campaign and Russia. The Dems are the ones who should be investigated.” Thank you Lou, so true!
....should be shut down. The Strzok firing shows that the fundamental underpinnings of the investigation were corrupt. It should be shut down by the courts or by honest prosecutors.” Thank you Judicial Watch, I couldn’t have said it better myself!
....guy was corrupt and had anti-Trump animus. Strzok and others at the FBI should be criminally investigated for the way the conducted this investigation. Instead, Mueller is pretending nothing went wrong. He used Strzok, he used the Clinton DNC Dossier...the whole thing....
Tom Fitton of Judicial Watch: “The Strzok firing is as much about the Mueller operation as anything else. There would be no Mueller Special Councel to investigate so called collusion but for the machinations of Strzok &amp; his colleagues at the top levels of the FBI. We know this...
....such wonderful and powerful things about me - a true Champion of Civil Rights - until she got fired. Omarosa had Zero credibility with the Media (they didn’t want interviews) when she worked in the White House. Now that she says bad about me, they will talk to her. Fake News!
.@MarkBurnettTV called to say that there are NO TAPES of the Apprentice where I used such a terrible and disgusting word as attributed by Wacky and Deranged Omarosa. I don’t have that word in my vocabulary, and never have. She made it up. Look at her MANY recent quotes saying....
https://t.co/Gm9KE8cHpS
Scott Walker of Wisconsin is a tremendous Governor who has done incredible things for that Great State. He has my complete &amp; total Endorsement! He brought the amazing Foxconn to Wisconsin with its 15,000 Jobs-and so much more. Vote for Scott on Tuesday in the Republican Primary!
“Trump’s foreign policy is actually boosting America’s standing” https://t.co/oC7Xs38uRo
It was my great honor to sign our new Defense Bill into law and to pay tribute to the greatest soldiers in the history of the world: THE U.S. ARMY. The National Defense Authorization Act is the most significant investment in our Military and our warfighters in modern history! https://t.co/M6VI1c0Sgx
Pete Stauber is running for Congress in Minnesota. He will make for a great Congressman. Pete is strong on crime and borders, loves our Military, Vets and Second Amendment. Vote for Pete tomorrow. He has my full and total Endorsement!
Great to be in Fort Drum, New York with our HEROES! https://t.co/Ke54QGZbU7
Just landed at Fort Drum, New York. Looking forward to making a speech about our GREAT HEROES!
Brooks Koepka just won his third Golf Major, and he did it not only with his powerful game, but with his powerful mind. He has been a man of steel on the Tour and will have many Victories, including Majors, ahead of him. Congrats to Brooks and his great team on a job well done!
Wacky Omarosa already has a fully signed Non-Disclosure Agreement!
Just fired Agent Strzok, formerly of the FBI, was in charge of the Crooked Hillary Clinton sham investigation. It was a total fraud on the American public and should be properly redone!
Agent Peter Strzok was just fired from the FBI - finally. The list of bad players in the FBI &amp; DOJ gets longer &amp; longer. Based on the fact that Strzok was in charge of the Witch Hunt, will it be dropped? It is a total Hoax. No Collusion, No Obstruction - I just fight back!
The very unpopular Governor of Ohio (and failed presidential candidate) @JohnKasich hurt Troy Balderson’s recent win by tamping down enthusiasm for an otherwise great candidate. Even Kasich’s Lt. Governor lost Gov. race because of his unpopularity. Credit to Troy on the BIG WIN!
While I know it’s “not presidential” to take on a lowlife like Omarosa, and while I would rather not be doing so, this is a modern day form of communication and I know the Fake News Media will be working overtime to make even Wacky Omarosa look legitimate as possible. Sorry!
...really bad things. Nasty to people &amp; would constantly miss meetings &amp; work. When Gen. Kelly came on board he told me she was a loser &amp; nothing but problems. I told him to try working it out, if possible, because she only said GREAT things about me - until she got fired!
Wacky Omarosa, who got fired 3 times on the Apprentice, now got fired for the last time. She never made it, never will. She begged me for a job, tears in her eyes, I said Ok. People in the White House hated her. She was vicious, but not smart. I would rarely see her but heard....
“Seems like the Department of Justice (and FBI) had a program to keep Donald Trump from becoming President”. @DarrellIssa  @foxandfriends  If this had happened to the other side, everybody involved would be in jail. This is a Media coverup of the biggest story of our time.
Many @harleydavidson owners plan to boycott the company if manufacturing moves overseas. Great! Most other companies are coming in our direction, including Harley competitors. A really bad move! U.S. will soon have a level playing field, or better.
.@GovMikeHuckabee “Your paycheck is bigger, your pension is stronger.” @foxandfriends  Unemployment numbers are better than they have been in 50 years, &amp; perhaps ever. Our country is booming like never before - and it will get even better! Many companies moving back to the U.S.A.
.@JudgeJeanine  “Bob Mueller, isn’t your whole investigation premised on a Fake Dossier, paid for by Hillary, created by a man who hates Donald Trump, &amp; used to con a FISA Court Judge. Bob, I really think it’s time for you to give up your phony investigation.” No Collusion!
Bikers for Trump at Bedminster earlier today. Thank you! https://t.co/GWN56gYGT3
Hundreds of Bikers for Trump just joined me at Bedminster. Quite a scene - great people who truly love our Country!
....Do you believe Nelly worked for Fusion and her husband STILL WORKS FOR THE DEPARTMENT OF “JUSTICE.” I have never seen anything so Rigged in my life. Our A.G. is scared stiff and Missing in Action. It is all starting to be revealed - not pretty. IG Report soon?  Witch Hunt!
The big story that the Fake News Media refuses to report is lowlife Christopher Steele’s many meetings with Deputy A.G. Bruce Ohr and his beautiful wife, Nelly. It was Fusion GPS that hired Steele to write the phony &amp; discredited Dossier, paid for by Crooked Hillary &amp; the DNC....
I am proud to have fought for and secured the LOWEST African American and Hispanic unemployment rates in history. Now I’m pushing for prison reform to give people who have paid their debt to society a second chance. I will never stop fighting for ALL Americans!
The riots in Charlottesville a year ago resulted in senseless death and division. We must come together as a nation. I condemn all types of racism and acts of violence. Peace to ALL Americans!
.....Will the FBI ever recover it’s once stellar reputation, so badly damaged by Comey, McCabe, Peter S and his lover, the lovely Lisa Page, and other top officials now dismissed or fired? So many of the great men and women of the FBI have been hurt by these clowns and losers!
Why isn’t the FBI giving Andrew McCabe text messages  to Judicial Watch or appropriate governmental authorities. FBI said they won’t give up even one (I may have to get involved, DO NOT DESTROY). What are they hiding? McCabe wife took big campaign dollars from Hillary people.....
.....Will the FBI ever recover it’s once stellar reputation, so badly damaged by Comey, McCabe, Peter S and his lover, the lovely Lisa Page, and other top officials now dismissed or fired? So many of the great men and women of the FBI have been hurt by these clowns and losers!
Why isn’t the FBI giving Andrew McCabe text massages to Judicial Watch or appropriate governmental authorities. FBI said they won’t give up even one (I may have to get involved, DO NOT DESTROY). What are they hiding? McCabe wife took big campaign dollars from Hillary people......
Deal with Mexico is coming along nicely. Autoworkers and farmers must be taken care of or there will be no deal. New President of Mexico has been an absolute gentleman. Canada must wait. Their Tariffs and Trade Barriers are far too high. Will tax cars if we can’t make a deal!
Thank you to Kanye West and the fact that he is willing to tell the TRUTH. One new and great FACT - African American unemployment is the lowest ever recorded in the history of our Country. So honored by this. Thank you Kanye for your support. It is making a big difference!
Had a very good phone call with @EmmanuelMacron, President of France. Discussed various subjects, in particular Security and Trade. Many other calls and conversations today. Looking forward to dinner tonight with Tim Cook of Apple. He is investing big dollars in U.S.A.
Democrats, please do not distance yourselves from Nancy Pelosi. She is a wonderful person whose ideas &amp; policies may be bad, but who should definitely be given a 4th chance. She is trying very hard &amp; has every right to take down the Democrat Party if she has veered too far left!
I have just authorized a doubling of Tariffs on Steel and Aluminum with respect to Turkey as their currency, the Turkish Lira, slides rapidly downward against our very strong Dollar! Aluminum will now be 20% and Steel 50%. Our relations with Turkey are not good at this time!
.....Be happy, be cool! A football game, that fans are paying soooo much money to watch and enjoy, is no place to protest. Most of that money goes to the players anyway. Find another way to protest. Stand proudly for your National Anthem or be Suspended Without Pay!
The NFL players are at it again - taking a knee when they should be standing proudly for the National Anthem. Numerous players, from different teams, wanted to show their “outrage” at something that most of them are unable to define. They make a fortune doing what they love......
.@MariaBartiromo  “No evidence to launch even an investigation into potential collusion between Donald Trump and the Russians - and here we are, a year and a half later.”
Jenna Ellis  “FBI thought they wouldn’t get caught because they thought that Hillary was going to win. There is overt bias and that depends on whether you are Democrat or Republican - a double standard that needs to stop.”
@LindseyGrahamSC  “Why didn’t the FBI tell President Trump that they had concerns about Carter Page? Is there a double standard here?” They told Senator Diane Feinstein that she had a spy - but not Trump. Is that entrapment or did they just want to use Page as an excuse to SPY?
Congressman Ted Yoho of Florida is doing a fantastic job and has my complete and total Endorsement! Tough on Crime and Borders, Ted was really helpful on Tax Cuts. Vote all the way for Ted in the upcoming Primary - he will never let you down!
Space Force all the way!
This is an illegally brought Rigged Witch Hunt run by people who are totally corrupt and/or conflicted. It was started and paid for by Crooked Hillary and the Democrats. Phony Dossier, FISA disgrace and so many lying and dishonest people already fired. 17 Angry Dems? Stay tuned!
“There has been no evidence whatsoever that Donald Trump or the campaign was involved in any kind of collusion to fix the 2016 election. In fact the evidence is the opposite, that Hillary Clinton &amp; the Democrats colluded with the Russians to fix the 2016 election.” @GrahamLedger
RED WAVE!
Congratulations to @LenaEpstein of Michigan on a job well done. Also, thanks for your great support!
As long as I campaign and/or support Senate and House candidates (within reason), they will win! I LOVE the people, &amp; they certainly seem to like the job I’m doing. If I find the time, in between China, Iran, the Economy and much more, which I must, we will have a giant Red Wave!
The Republicans have now won 8 out of 9 House Seats, yet if you listen to the Fake News Media you would think we are being clobbered. Why can’t they play it straight, so unfair to the Republican Party and in particular, your favorite President!
5 for 5!
Congratulations to Josh Hawley on your big Senate Primary win in Missouri. I look forward to working with you toward a big win in November. We need you in Washington!
Congratulations to Bill Schuette. You will have a Big win in November and be a tremendous Governor for the Great State of Michigan. Lots of car and other companies moving back!
Congratulations to a future STAR of the Republican Party, future Senator John James. A big and bold victory tonight in the Great State of Michigan - the first of many. November can’t come fast enough!
.....Congratulations to Troy Balderson on a great win in Ohio. A very special and important race!
When I decided to go to Ohio for Troy Balderson, he was down in early voting 64 to 36. That was not good. After my speech on Saturday night, there was a big turn for the better. Now Troy wins a great victory during a very tough time of the year for voting. He will win BIG in Nov.
Today, on the 236th anniversary of the Purple Heart, we honor the members of our Armed Forces for serving as the vanguard of American democracy and freedom around the world. #PurpleHeartDay https://t.co/NghmQ4BOKh
Ohio, vote today for Troy Balderson for Congress. His opponent, controlled by Nancy Pelosi, is weak on Crime, the Border, Military, Vets, your 2nd Amendment - and will end your Tax Cuts. Troy will be a great Congressman. #MAGA
The Iran sanctions have officially been cast. These are the most biting sanctions ever imposed, and in November they ratchet up to yet another level. Anyone doing business with Iran will NOT be doing business with the United States. I am asking for WORLD PEACE, nothing less!
California wildfires are being magnified &amp; made so much worse by the bad environmental laws which aren’t allowing massive amounts of readily available water to be properly utilized. It is being diverted into the Pacific Ocean. Must also tree clear to stop fire from spreading!
Democrats want Open Borders and they want to abolish ICE, the brave men and women that are protecting our Country from some of the most vicious and dangerous people on earth! Sorry, we can’t let that happen! Also, change the rules in the Senate and approve STRONG Border Security!
Democrats want Open Borders and they want to abolish ICE, the brave men and women that our protecting our Country from some of the most vicious and dangerous people on earth! Sorry, we can’t let that happen!Also, change the rules in the Senate and approve STRONG Border Security!
John James is a potential Republican Star who has a Senate primary election tomorrow in Michigan. If he becomes the Republican candidate, he will beat the Open Borders, weak on Crime, Democrat, Debbie Stabenow. Vote for John James and Make America Great Again!
Governor Jerry Brown must allow the Free Flow of the vast amounts of water coming from the North and foolishly being diverted into the Pacific Ocean. Can be used for fires, farming and everything else. Think of California with plenty of Water - Nice! Fast Federal govt. approvals.
Kris Kobach, a strong and early supporter of mine, is running for Governor of the Great State of Kansas.  He is a fantastic guy who loves his State and our Country - he will be a GREAT Governor and has my full &amp; total Endorsement! Strong on Crime, Border &amp; Military. VOTE TUESDAY!
Great financial numbers being announced on an almost daily basis. Economy has never been better, jobs at best point in history. Fixing our terrible Trade Deals is a priority-and going very well. Immigration on Merit Based System to take care of the companies coming back to U.S.A.
....a law firm, eventually Kremlin connected sources, to gather info on Donald Trump. Collusion is very real with Russia, but only with Hillary and the Democrats, and we should demand a full investigation.” Dan Bongino on @foxandfriends  Looking forward to the new IG Report!
“Collusion with Russia was very real. Hillary Clinton and her team 100% colluded with the Russians, and so did Adam Schiff who is on tape trying to collude with what he thought was Russians to obtain compromising material on DJT. We also know that Hillary Clinton paid through....
California wildfires are being magnified &amp; made so much worse by the bad environmental laws which aren’t allowing massive amount of readily available water to be properly utilized. It is being diverted into the Pacific Ocean. Must also tree clear to stop fire   spreading!
Presidential Approval numbers are very good - strong economy, military and just about everything else. Better numbers than Obama at this point, by far. We are winning on just about every front and for that reason there will not be a Blue Wave, but there might be a Red Wave!
Too bad a large portion of the Media refuses to report the lies and corruption having to do with the Rigged Witch Hunt - but that is why we call them FAKE NEWS!
...Why aren’t Mueller and the 17 Angry Democrats looking at the meetings concerning the Fake Dossier and all of the lying that went on in the FBI and DOJ? This is the most one sided Witch Hunt in the history of our country. Fortunately, the facts are all coming out, and fast!
Fake News reporting, a complete fabrication, that I am concerned about the meeting my wonderful son, Donald, had in Trump Tower. This was a meeting to get information on an opponent, totally legal and done all the time in politics - and it went nowhere. I did not know about it!
..Because of Tariffs we will be able to start paying down large amounts of the $21 Trillion in debt that has been accumulated, much by the Obama Administration, while at the same time reducing taxes for our people. At minimum, we will make much better Trade Deals for our country!
Tariffs are working big time. Every country on earth wants to take wealth out of the U.S., always to our detriment. I say, as they come,Tax them. If they don’t want to be taxed, let them make or build the product in the U.S. In either event, it means jobs and great wealth.....
The Fake News hates me saying that they are the Enemy of the People only because they know it’s TRUE. I am providing a great service by explaining this to the American People. They purposely cause great division &amp; distrust. They can also cause War! They are very dangerous &amp; sick!
...Danny O’Connor is a total puppet for Nancy Pelosi and Maxine Waters – Danny wants to raise your taxes, open your borders, and take away your 2nd Amendment. Vote for Troy on Tuesday!
A great night in Ohio’s 12th Congressional District with Troy Balderson! Troy loves Ohio, and he loves the people of Ohio. He will be fighting for you all the way...
Thank you Ohio. I love you! https://t.co/HYSaQOB6GW
Iran, and it’s economy, is going very bad, and fast! I will meet, or not meet, it doesn’t matter - it is up to them!
Heading to Ohio!
....China, which is for the first time doing poorly against us, is spending a fortune on ads and P.R. trying to convince and scare our politicians to fight me on Tariffs- because they are really hurting their economy. Likewise other countries. We are Winning, but must be strong!
....Tariffs will make our country much richer than it is today. Only fools would disagree. We are using them to negotiate fair trade deals and, if countries are still unwilling to negotiate, they will pay us vast sums of money in the form of Tariffs. We win either way......
....Tariffs have had a tremendous positive impact on our Steel Industry. Plants are opening all over the U.S., Steelworkers are working again, and big dollars are flowing into our Treasury. Other countries use Tariffs against, but when we use them, foolish people scream!
Tariffs are working far better than anyone ever anticipated. China market has dropped 27% in last 4months, and they are talking to us. Our market is stronger than ever, and will go up dramatically when these horrible Trade Deals are successfully renegotiated. America First.......
HAPPY BIRTHDAY @USCG! https://t.co/cQo41jcoKn
Troy Balderson, running for Congress from Ohio, is in a big Election fight with a candidate who just got caught lying about his relationship with Nancy Pelosi, who is weak on Crime, Borders &amp; your 2nd Amendment-and wants to raise your Taxes (by a lot). Vote for Troy on Tuesday!
Will be going to Ohio tonight to campaign for Troy Balderson for the big Congressional Special Election on Tuesday. Early voting is on. Troy is strong on Crime, the Border &amp; loves our Military, Vets &amp; 2nd Amendment. His opponent is a puppet of Nancy Pelosi/high taxes.
Lebron James was just interviewed by the dumbest man on television, Don Lemon. He made Lebron look smart, which isn’t easy to do. I like Mike!
...Dianne is the person leading our Nation on “Collusion” with Russia (only done by Dems). Will she now investigate herself? https://t.co/OG6l04bBwg
Congratulations to Gregg Jarrett on his book, “THE RUSSIA HOAX, THE ILLICIT SCHEME TO CLEAR HILLARY CLINTON AND FRAME DONALD TRUMP,” going to #1 on @nytimes and Amazon. It is indeed a HOAX and WITCH HUNT, illegally started by people who have already been disgraced. Great book!
Great photo from Ocean City, Maryland. Thank you. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! https://t.co/kILZz31yDJ
Almost 500,000 Manufacturing Jobs created since I won the Election. Remember when my opponents were saying that we couldn’t create this type of job anymore. Wrong, in fact these are among our best and most important jobs!
“The media are good news fire extinguishers!” @greggutfeld @TheFive
NASA, which is making a BIG comeback under the Trump Administration, has just named 9 astronauts for Boeing and Spacex space flights. We have the greatest facilities in the world and we are now letting the private sector pay to use them. Exciting things happening. Space Force!
July is just the ninth month since 1970 that unemployment has fallen below 4%. Our economy has added 3.7 million jobs since I won the Election. 4.1 GDP. More than 4 million people have received a pay raise due to tax reform. $400 Billion brought back from “overseas.” @FoxNews
Marsha Blackburn had a BIG win last night in the Tennessee primary for U.S. Senate. She is an outstanding person &amp; great supporter of mine. Congratulations Marsha, we need you very badly in the Senate to vote for our agenda. Your next opponent will vote against all we are doing!
“Pastor praises Trump as 'pro-black' at prison reform event” https://t.co/xFKf1arebx
Congratulations Marsha! https://t.co/JSMiOWfbxa
Congratulations to Bill Lee of Tennessee on his big primary win for Governor last night.  He ran a great campaign and now will finish off the job in November. Bill has my total and enthusiastic Endorsement!
Thank you Pennsylvania. I love you! https://t.co/qoswnBZb3f
They asked my daughter Ivanka whether or not the media is the enemy of the people. She correctly said no. It is the FAKE NEWS, which is a large percentage of the media, that is the enemy of the people!
Looking forward to being in the Great State of Ohio on Saturday night where I will be campaigning hard for a truly talented future Congressman, @Troy_Balderson. See you all then! Tickets: https://t.co/8UOykaI8uf https://t.co/jHdtAy5fgj
When the House and Senate meet on the very important Farm Bill – we love our farmers - hopefully they will be able to leave the WORK REQUIREMENTS FOR FOOD STAMPS PROVISION that the House approved. Senate should go to 51 votes!
Pennsylvania has to love Trump because unlike all of the others before me, I am bringing STEEL BACK in a VERY BIG way. Plants opening up in Pennsylvania, and all over the Country, and Congressman Lou Barletta, who is running for the Senate in Pennsylvania, is really helping!
Looking forward to being in the Great State of Pennsylvania where we had a tremendous victory in the Election. Will be campaigning hard for an original supporter, Lou Barletta, to replace a weak an ineffective Senator, Bob Casey. Lou is tough and smart, loves PA and our Country!
Congressman Steve Stivers of Ohio has done a fantastic job as Chairman of the @NRCC. He is a great Congressman who is tough on crime &amp; borders &amp; an inspiration to our Military &amp; Vets. Big on 2nd Amendment. Get out and vote for Steve on Aug 7th. He has my full &amp; total endorsement!
Working hard, thank you! https://t.co/pNXbFNcf8z
Wow, @foxandfriends is blowing away the competition in the morning ratings. Morning Joe is a dead show with very few people watching and sadly, Fake News CNN is also doing poorly. Too much hate and inaccurately reported stories - too predictable!
Charles Koch of Koch Brothers, who claims to be giving away millions of dollars to politicians even though I know very few who have seen this (?), now makes the ridiculous statement that what President Trump is doing is unfair to “foreign workers.” He is correct, AMERICA FIRST!
Thank you to Chairman Kim Jong Un for keeping your word &amp; starting the process of sending home the remains of our great and beloved missing fallen! I am not at all surprised that you took this kind action. Also, thank you for your nice letter - l look forward to seeing you soon!
Congratulations to  @GreggJarrett on The TREMENDOUS success of his just out book, “The Russia Hoax, The Illicit Scheme To Clear Hillary Clinton &amp; Frame Donald Trump.” Already number one on Amazon. Hard work from a brilliant guy. It’s the Real Story of the Rigged Witch Hunt!
Incredibly beautiful ceremony as U.S. Korean War remains are returned to American soil. Thank you to Honolulu and all of our great Military participants on a job well done. A special thanks to Vice President Mike Pence on delivering a truly magnificent tribute!
“Private payrolls boom in July, increasing by 219,000 vs 185,000 estimate: ADP” https://t.co/SeU9kGpima
Join me tomorrow night at 7pmE in Wilkes-Barre Township, Pennsylvania for a MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN RALLY! Tickets: https://t.co/dR6EzS3Q8L https://t.co/c52kIxvdF7
#PledgeToAmericasWorkers https://t.co/qIJQfQ3bos
It was my great honor to be joined by leading pastors and faith leaders from across our Nation today at the @WhiteHouse! https://t.co/6sS1zGA1p7
“We already have a smoking gun about a campaign getting dirt on their opponent, it was Hillary Clinton. How is it OK for Hillary Clinton to proactively seek dirt from the Russians but the Trump campaign met at the Russians request and that is bad?” Marc Thiessen, Washington Post
Looking back on history, who was treated worse, Alfonse Capone, legendary mob boss, killer and “Public Enemy Number One,” or Paul Manafort, political operative &amp; Reagan/Dole darling, now serving solitary confinement - although convicted of nothing? Where is the Russian Collusion?
“We already have a smocking gun about a campaign getting dirt on their opponent, it was Hillary Clinton. How is it OK for Hillary Clinton to proactively seek dirt from the Russians but the Trump campaign met at the Russians request and that is bad?” Marc Thiessen, Washington Post
Russian Collusion with the Trump Campaign, one of the most successful in history, is a TOTAL HOAX. The Democrats paid for the phony and discredited Dossier which was, along with Comey, McCabe, Strzok and his lover, the lovely Lisa Page, used to begin the Witch Hunt. Disgraceful!
Paul Manafort worked for Ronald Reagan, Bob Dole and many other highly prominent and respected political leaders. He worked for me for a very short time. Why didn’t government tell me that he was under investigation. These old charges have nothing to do with Collusion - a Hoax!
..This is a terrible situation and Attorney General Jeff Sessions should stop this Rigged Witch Hunt right now, before it continues to stain our country any further. Bob Mueller is totally conflicted, and his 17 Angry Democrats that are doing his dirty work are a disgrace to USA!
.....remain in the FBI while he himself was being investigated. This is a real issue. It won’t go into a Mueller Report because Mueller is going to protect these guys. Mueller has an interest in creating the illusion of objectivity around his investigation.” ALAN DERSHOWITZ....
“FBI Agent Peter Strzok (on the Mueller team) should have recused himself on day one. He was out to STOP THE ELECTION OF DONALD TRUMP. He needed an insurance policy. Those are illegal, improper goals, trying to influence the Election. He should never, ever been allowed to........
Thank you Florida. I love you!https://t.co/M5T81DZVUU
On my way to Tampa, Florida. Look forward to seeing everyone soon! https://t.co/BSB6IjBK7r
“Worker pay rate hits highest level since 2008” https://t.co/pMDxHQqcg9
...Border Security is National Security, and National Security is the long-term viability of our Country. A Government Shutdown is a very small price to pay for a safe and Prosperous America!
I don’t care what the political ramifications are, our immigration laws and border security have been a complete and total disaster for decades, and there is no way that the Democrats will allow it to be fixed without a Government Shutdown...
.@SenJohnBarrasso has a Primary on August 21st. He doesn’t need any help because he is absolutely outstanding in every way, but I hope the great people of Wyoming will go out and show their support anyway. John is absolutely top of the line &amp; has my Complete &amp; Total Endorsement!
Congressman David Kustoff has been a champion for the Trump Agenda - I greatly appreciate his support. David is strong on crime and borders, loves our Military, Vets and Second Amendment. Get out and vote for David on Thursday, August 2nd. He has my Full and Total Endorsement!
The Fake News Media is going CRAZY! They are totally unhinged and in many ways, after witnessing first hand the damage they do to so many innocent and decent people, I enjoy watching. In 7 years, when I am no longer in office, their ratings will dry up and they will be gone!
Will be in Tampa tonight. A big year for @RepDeSantis, who will be a great governor for Florida. Strong on Crime, Borders and our 2nd Amendment. Big help on Tax &amp; Regulation Cuts. Loves our Military &amp; our Vets. Has my Full &amp; Total Endorsement!
I am looking into 3-D Plastic Guns being sold to the public. Already spoke to NRA, doesn’t seem to make much sense!
Collusion is not a crime, but that doesn’t matter because there was No Collusion (except by Crooked Hillary and the Democrats)!
One of the reasons we need Great Border Security is that Mexico’s murder rate in 2017 increased by 27% to 31,174 people killed, a record! The Democrats want Open Borders. I want Maximum Border Security and respect for ICE and our great Law Enforcement Professionals! @FoxNews
Rush Limbaugh is a great guy who truly gets it!
....them richer. Their network is highly overrated, I have beaten them at every turn. They want to protect their companies outside the U.S. from being taxed, I’m for America First &amp; the American Worker - a puppet for no one. Two nice guys with bad ideas. Make America Great Again!
The globalist Koch Brothers, who have become a total joke in real Republican circles, are against Strong Borders and Powerful Trade. I never sought their support because I don’t need their money or bad ideas. They love my Tax &amp; Regulation Cuts, Judicial picks &amp; more. I made.....
MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! https://t.co/OnMGXvldVT
A highly respected Federal judge today stated that the “Trump Administration gets great credit” for reuniting illegal families. Thank you, and please look at the previous administrations record - not good!
Congratulations to our new @DeptVetAffairs Secretary, Robert Wilkie! https://t.co/6erqWJzuiK
Thank you to @RandPaul for your YES on a future great Justice of the Supreme Court, Brett Kavanaugh. Your vote means a lot to me, and to everyone who loves our Country!
...that Open Borders, large scale Crime, and abolishing ICE is good for them, we must get smart and finally do what must be done for the Safety and Security of our Country!
Illegal immigration is a top National Security problem. After decades of playing games, with the whole World laughing at the stupidity of our immigration laws, and with Democrats thinking...
Congratulations to Judge Jeanine on the tremendous success of her new #1 best-selling book, “Liars, Leakers, and Liberals – The Case Against the Anti-Trump Conspiracy!”
...your Social Security and Medicare! Cast your early vote, or vote on August 7th, Election Day. He has my full and total Endorsement!
.@Troy_Balderson of Ohio is running for Congress - so important to the Republican Party. Troy is strong on crime and Borders, loves our Military, our Vets and our Second Amendment. Troy will strongly protect...
Congratulations to General John Kelly. Today we celebrate his first full year as @WhiteHouse Chief of Staff! https://t.co/JWCaJ3GhHV
???????? https://t.co/1SSUCRtMEE
It is my great honor to welcome Prime Minister @GiuseppeConteIT of Italy to the @WhiteHouse! Join us at 2:00pmE for our joint press conference: https://t.co/XAchZ3zUSe https://t.co/5t4QVsKKqH
We must have Border Security, get rid of Chain, Lottery, Catch &amp; Release Sanctuary Cities - go to Merit based Immigration. Protect ICE and Law Enforcement and, of course, keep building, but much faster, THE WALL!
....Also, why is Mueller only appointing Angry Dems, some of whom have worked for Crooked Hillary, others, including himself, have worked for Obama....And why isn’t Mueller looking at all of the criminal activity &amp; real Russian Collusion on the Democrats side-Podesta, Dossier?
Is Robert Mueller ever going to release his conflicts of interest with respect to President Trump, including the fact that we had a very nasty &amp; contentious business relationship, I turned him down to head the FBI (one day before appointment as S.C.) &amp; Comey is his close friend..
There is No Collusion! The Robert Mueller Rigged Witch Hunt, headed now by 17 (increased from 13, including an Obama White House lawyer) Angry Democrats, was started by a fraudulent Dossier, paid for by Crooked Hillary and the DNC. Therefore, the Witch Hunt is an illegal Scam!
...and the Amazon Washington Post do nothing but write bad stories even on very positive achievements - and they will never change!
...accurately. 90% of media coverage of my Administration is negative, despite the tremendously positive results we are achieving, it’s no surprise that confidence in the media is at an all time low! I will not allow our great country to be sold out by anti-Trump haters in the...
...dying newspaper industry. No matter how much they try to distract and cover it up, our country is making great progress under my leadership and I will never stop fighting for the American people! As an example, the failing New York Times...
When the media - driven insane by their Trump Derangement Syndrome - reveals internal deliberations of our government, it  truly puts the lives of many, not just journalists, at risk! Very unpatriotic! Freedom of the press also comes with a responsibility to report the news...
I would be willing to “shut down” government if the Democrats do not give us the votes for Border Security, which includes the Wall! Must get rid of Lottery, Catch &amp; Release etc. and finally go to system of Immigration based on MERIT! We need great people coming into our Country!
The biggest and best results coming out of the good GDP report was that the quarterly Trade Deficit has been reduced by $52 Billion and, of course, the historically low unemployment numbers, especially for African Americans, Hispanics, Asians and Women.
Had a very good and interesting meeting at the White House with A.G. Sulzberger, Publisher of the New York Times. Spent much time talking about the vast amounts of Fake News being put out by the media &amp; how that Fake News has morphed into phrase, “Enemy of the People.” Sad!
Please understand, there are consequences when people cross our Border illegally, whether they have children or not - and many are just using children for their own sinister purposes. Congress must act on fixing the DUMBEST &amp; WORST immigration laws anywhere in the world! Vote “R”
Do you think the Fake News Media will ever report on this tweet from Michael? https://t.co/kXLCKZO5Fr
Wow, highest Poll Numbers in the history of the Republican Party. That includes Honest Abe Lincoln and Ronald Reagan. There must be something wrong, please recheck that poll!
Tom Homan, fmr ICE Director: “There is nobody that has done more for border security &amp; public safety than President Trump. I’ve worked for six presidents, and I respect them all, but nobody has done more than this Administration &amp; President Trump, that’s just a stone cold fact!”
https://t.co/E3xvdUGZqa
Join me in Tampa, Florida next Tuesday, July 31st at 7:00pmE for a #MAGA Rally! Tickets: https://t.co/Q2PMyTACl8 https://t.co/URjvN8Owoe
The only things the Democrats do well is “Resist,” which is their campaign slogan, and “Obstruct.” Cryin’ Chuck Schumer has almost 400 great American people that are waiting “forever” to serve our Country! A total disgrace. Mitch M should not let them go home until all approved!
Democrats, who want Open Borders and care little about Crime, are incompetent, but they have the Fake News Media almost totally on their side!
Congressman David Kustoff has been a champion for the Trump Agenda - I greatly appreciate his support. David is strong on crime and borders, loves our Military, Vets and Second Amendment. Get out and vote for David on Thursday, August 2nd. He has my full and total Endorsement!
Private business investment has surged from 1.8 percent the year BEFORE I came into office to 9.4 percent this year -- that means JOBS, JOBS, JOBS! https://t.co/evO63CpqPP
The @USNavy’s first female Admiral, Alene Duerk once said: “It was a nice distinction to have, and to be recognized as the first, but I wanted to make certain that I used that notoriety to do as much positive as I could.” Alene did just that, and America is forever grateful! https://t.co/tOqkzqGVG7
We have accomplished an economic turnaround of HISTORIC proportions! https://t.co/vnmMtPv0kk
I am thrilled to announce that in the second quarter of this year, the U.S. Economy grew at the amazing rate of 4.1%! https://t.co/xeAPwAAOXN
.@Troy_Balderson of Ohio is running for Congress - so important to the Republican Party. Cast you early vote or vote on August 7th. Troy is strong on crime and borders, loves our Military, our Vets and our Second Amendment. He has my full and total Endorsement!
.@JohnJamesMI, who is running in the Republican Primary in the great state of Michigan, is SPECTACULAR! Vote on August 7th. Rarely have I seen a candidate with such great potential. West Point graduate, successful businessman and a African American leader...
...John is strong on crime and borders, loves our Military, our Vets and our Second Amendment. He will be a star. He has my full and total Endorsement!
GREAT GDP numbers just released. Will be having a news conference soon!
.....I did NOT know of the meeting with my son, Don jr. Sounds to me like someone is trying to make up stories in order to get himself out of an unrelated jam (Taxi cabs maybe?). He even retained Bill and Crooked Hillary’s lawyer. Gee, I wonder if they helped him make the choice!
....,the only Collusion with Russia was with the Democrats, so now they are looking at my Tweets (along with 53 million other people) - the rigged Witch Hunt continues! How stupid and unfair to our Country....And so the Fake News doesn’t waste my time with dumb questions, NO,....
Arrived back in Washington last night from a very emotional reopening of a major U.S. Steel plant in Granite City, Illinois, only to be greeted with the ridiculous news that the highly conflicted Robert Mueller and his gang of 13 Angry Democrats obviously cannot find Collusion...
Way to go Jerry. This is what the league should do! https://t.co/yEP1jK57xi
The Remains of American Servicemen will soon be leaving North Korea and heading to the United States! After so many years, this will be a great moment for so many families. Thank you to Kim Jong Un.
America is OPEN FOR BUSINESS and U.S. Steel is back! https://t.co/lJTcr6JHBW
...called “The Case Against Impeaching Trump,” which I would encourage all people with Trump Derangement Syndrome to read!
.@AlanDersh, a brilliant lawyer, who although a Liberal Democrat who probably didn’t vote for me, has discussed the Witch Hunt with great clarity and in a very positive way. He has written a new and very important book...
PROMISES KEPT! https://t.co/vR2R5WXPVD
Thank you @U_S_Steel and Granite City, Illinois! https://t.co/6RsUvGF6rg
The United States will impose large sanctions on Turkey for their long time detainment of Pastor Andrew Brunson, a great Christian, family man and wonderful human being. He is suffering greatly. This innocent man of faith should be released immediately!
This is great - on my way, see you soon @IAGovernor Kim Reynolds! https://t.co/SXfkk12Uig
Heading to Dubuque, Iowa and then Granite City, Illinois. Looking  forward to being with many great friends!
Twitter “SHADOW BANNING” prominent Republicans. Not good. We will look into this discriminatory and illegal practice at once! Many complaints.
European Union representatives told me that they would start buying soybeans from our great farmers immediately. Also, they will be buying vast amounts of LNG!
Great to be back on track with the European Union. This was a big day for free and fair trade!
Thank you Georgia! They say that my endorsement last week of Brian Kemp, in the Republican Primary for Governor against a very worthy opponent, lifted him from 5 points down to a 70% to 30% victory! Two very good and talented men in a great race, but congratulations to Brian!
Obviously the European Union, as represented by @JunckerEU and the United States, as represented by yours truly, love each other! https://t.co/42ImacgCN0
...along quickly. European Union Nations will be open to the United States and at the same time benefiting by everything we are doing for them. There was great warmth and feeling in the room - a breakthrough has been quickly made that nobody thought possible!
Great meeting on Trade today with @JunckerEU and representatives of the European Union. We have come to a very strong understanding and are all believers in no tariffs, no barriers and no subsidies. Work on documents has already started and the process is moving...
Thank you very much, working hard! https://t.co/cSzbFfq2NW
Sergio Marchionne, who passed away today, was one of the most brilliant &amp; successful car executives since the days of the legendary Henry Ford. It was a great honor for me to get to know Sergio as POTUS, he loved the car industry, and fought hard for it. He will be truly missed!
This week, my Administration is hosting the first-ever #IRFMinisterial. The U.S. will continue to promote #ReligiousFreedom around the world. Nations that support religious freedom are far more free, prosperous &amp; peaceful. Great job, @VP, @SecPompeo, @IRF_Ambassador &amp; @StateDept!
The United States and the European Union have a $1 TRILLION bilateral trade relationship – the largest economic relationship in the world. We want to further strengthen this trade relationship to the benefit of all American and European citizens... https://t.co/4zlmEEtCpG
Congratulations to Brian Kemp on your very big win in Georgia last night. Wow, 69-30, those are big numbers. Now go win against the open border, crime loving opponent that the Democrats have given you. She is weak on Vets, the Military and the 2nd Amendment. Win!
What kind of a lawyer would tape a client? So sad! Is this a first, never heard of it before? Why was the tape so abruptly terminated (cut) while I was presumably saying positive things? I hear there are other clients and many reporters that are taped - can this be so? Too bad!
China is targeting our farmers, who they know I love &amp; respect, as a way of getting me to continue allowing them to take advantage of the U.S. They are being vicious in what will be their failed attempt. We were being nice - until now! China made $517 Billion on us last year.
When you have people snipping at your heels during a negotiation, it will only take longer to make a deal, and the deal will never be as good as it could have been with unity. Negotiations are going really well, be cool. The end result will be worth it!
Every time I see a weak politician asking to stop Trade talks or the use of Tariffs to counter unfair Tariffs, I wonder, what can they be thinking? Are we just going to continue and let our farmers and country get ripped off?  Lost $817 Billion on Trade last year. No weakness!
“The Russia Hoax, The Illicit Scheme To Clear Hillary Clinton &amp; Frame Donald Trump” is a Hot Seller, already Number One! More importantly, it is a great book that everyone is talking about. It covers the Rigged Witch Hunt brilliantly. Congratulations to Gregg Jarrett!
So sad and unfair that the FCC wouldn’t approve the Sinclair Broadcast merger with Tribune. This would have been a great and much needed Conservative voice for and of the People. Liberal Fake News NBC and Comcast gets approved, much bigger, but not Sinclair. Disgraceful!
The European Union is coming to Washington tomorrow to negotiate a deal on Trade. I have an idea for them. Both the U.S. and the E.U. drop all Tariffs, Barriers and Subsidies! That would finally be called Free Market and Fair Trade! Hope they do it, we are ready - but they won’t!
Today, it was my great honor to be in Kansas City, Missouri to pay tribute to the men and women who make FREEDOM possible! Thank you @VFWHQ! #VFWConvention https://t.co/E6TYsNmWO8
On the heels of the VERY successful launch of the @WhiteHouse National Council for the American Worker, Congress should reauthorize #PerkinsCTE and ensure the American workforce remains stronger than EVER! #Jobs #Workforce
I want to thank the @VFWHQ for your devotion to our fallen heroes, unknown soldiers, Prisoners of War, those Missing in Action, and their families. #VFWConvention https://t.co/15ygFhCudR
#VFWConvention @VFWHQ https://t.co/dBQx526axz
I’m very concerned that Russia will be fighting very hard to have an impact on the upcoming Election. Based on the fact that no President has been tougher on Russia than me, they will be pushing very hard for the Democrats. They definitely don’t want Trump!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Heading to Missouri to be with many of my great friends. VFW here we come!
Our Country is doing GREAT. Best financial numbers on the Planet. Great to have USA WINNING AGAIN!
Today is the day to vote for Brian Kemp. Will be great for Georgia, full Endorsement! https://t.co/yPND2bJ219
Tariffs are the greatest! Either a country which has treated the United States unfairly on Trade negotiates a fair deal, or it gets hit with Tariffs. It’s as simple as that - and everybody’s talking! Remember, we are the “piggy bank” that’s being robbed. All will be Great!
Countries that have treated us unfairly on trade for years are all coming to Washington to negotiate. This should have taken place many years ago but,as the saying goes, better late than never!
#MadeInAmerica Showcase! https://t.co/rT0WIE99yP
Lou Barletta was one of my first supporters. He is tough on Crime and Borders. Will be a great Senator from Pennsylvania. His opponent is WEAK on Crime, ICE and Borders. We need Lou! https://t.co/dcMSi4CPfb
Robert will do a great job for our Vets. We also recently won Choice! https://t.co/hE0GDuCBET
....In my opinion the Washington Post is nothing more than an expensive (the paper loses a fortune) lobbyist for Amazon. Is it used as protection against antitrust claims which many feel should be brought?
The Amazon Washington Post has gone crazy against me ever since they lost the Internet Tax Case in the U.S. Supreme Court two months ago. Next up is the U.S. Post Office which they use, at a fraction of real cost, as their “delivery boy” for a BIG percentage of their packages....
A Rocket has not been launched by North Korea in 9 months. Likewise, no Nuclear Tests. Japan is happy, all of Asia is happy. But the Fake News is saying, without ever asking me (always anonymous sources), that I am angry because it is not going fast enough. Wrong, very happy!
When you hear the Fake News talking negatively about my meeting with President Putin, and all that I gave up, remember, I gave up NOTHING, we merely talked about future benefits for both countries. Also, we got along very well, which is a good thing, except for the Corrupt Media!
.....”Carter Page wasn’t a spy, wasn’t an agent of the Russians - he would have cooperated with the FBI. It was a fraud and a hoax designed to target Trump.” Tom Fitton @JudicialWatch A disgrace to America. They should drop the discredited Mueller Witch Hunt now!
....and the DOJ, FBI and Obama Gang need to be held to account. Source #1 was the major source. Avoided talking about it being the Clinton campaign behind it. Misled the Court to provide a pretext to SPY on the Trump Team. Not about Carter Page..was all about getting Trump.....
“It was classified to cover up misconduct by the FBI and the Justice Department in misleading the Court by using this Dossier in a dishonest way to gain a warrant to target the Trump Team. This is a Clinton Campaign document. It was a fraud and a hoax designed to target Trump....
So we now find out that it was indeed the unverified and Fake Dirty Dossier, that was paid for by Crooked Hillary Clinton and the DNC, that was knowingly &amp; falsely submitted to FISA and which was responsible for starting the totally conflicted and discredited Mueller Witch Hunt!
Tom Fitton on @foxandfriends at 6:15 A.M. NOW! Judicial Watch.
To Iranian President Rouhani: NEVER, EVER THREATEN THE UNITED STATES AGAIN OR YOU WILL SUFFER CONSEQUENCES THE LIKES OF WHICH FEW THROUGHOUT HISTORY HAVE EVER SUFFERED BEFORE. WE ARE NO LONGER A COUNTRY THAT WILL STAND FOR YOUR DEMENTED WORDS OF VIOLENCE &amp; DEATH. BE CAUTIOUS!
So President Obama knew about Russia before the Election. Why didn’t he do something about it? Why didn’t he tell our campaign? Because it is all a big hoax, that’s why, and he thought Crooked Hillary was going to win!!!
Happy Birthday @SenatorDole! https://t.co/MiVoB7qC6A
I had a GREAT meeting with Putin and the Fake News used every bit of their energy to try and disparage it. So bad for our country!
.@PeteHegseth on @FoxNews  “Source #1 was the (Fake) Dossier. Yes, the Dirty Dossier, paid for by Democrats as a hit piece against Trump, and looking for information that could discredit Candidate #1 Trump. Carter Page was just the foot to surveil the Trump campaign...” ILLEGAL!
Andrew McCarthy - “I said this could never happen. This is so bad that they should be looking at the judges who signed off on this stuff, not just the people who gave it. It is so bad it screams out at you.”  On the whole FISA scam which led to the rigged Mueller Witch Hunt!
Looking more &amp; more like the Trump Campaign for President was illegally being spied upon (surveillance) for the political gain of Crooked Hillary Clinton and the DNC. Ask her how that worked out - she did better with Crazy Bernie. Republicans must get tough now. An illegal Scam!
Congratulations to @JudicialWatch and @TomFitton on being successful in getting the Carter Page FISA documents. As usual they are ridiculously heavily redacted but confirm with little doubt that the Department of “Justice” and FBI misled the courts. Witch Hunt Rigged, a Scam!
Watching Los Angeles possible hostage situation very closely. Active barricaded suspect. L.A.P.D. working with Federal Law Enforcement.
Troy Balderson of Ohio is running for Congress against a Nancy Pelosi Liberal who is WEAK on Crime &amp; Borders. Troy is the total opposite, and loves our Military, Vets &amp; 2nd Amendment. EARLY VOTING just started with Election Day on August 7th. Troy has my Full &amp; Total Endorsement!
Brian Kemp, who is running for Governor of Georgia and has my full endorsement, is campaigning tonight with VP @mike_pence. Brian is very strong on Crime and Borders, LOVES our Military, Vets and the 2nd Amendment. He will be a GREAT Governor!
Brian Kemp, who is running for Governor of Georgia and has my full endorsement, is campaigning tonight with @MikePenceVP. Brian is very strong on Crime and Borders, LOVES our Military, Vets and the 2nd Amendment. He will be a GREAT Governor!
No Collusion, No Obstruction - but that doesn’t matter because the 13 Angry Democrats, who are only after Republicans and totally protecting Democrats, want this Witch Hunt to drag out to the November Election. Republicans better get smart fast and expose what they are doing!
The Rigged Witch Hunt, headed by the 13 Angry Democrats (and now 4 more have been added, one who worked directly for Obama W.H.), seems intent on damaging the Republican Party’s chances in the November Election. This Democrat excuse for losing the ‘16 Election never ends!
Inconceivable that the government would break into a lawyer’s office (early in the morning) - almost unheard of. Even more inconceivable that a lawyer would tape a client - totally unheard of &amp; perhaps illegal. The good news is that your favorite President did nothing wrong!
The NFL National Anthem Debate is alive and well again - can’t believe it! Isn’t it in contract that players must stand at attention, hand on heart? The $40,000,000 Commissioner must now make a stand. First time kneeling, out for game. Second time kneeling, out for season/no pay!
I got severely criticized by the Fake News Media for being too nice to President Putin. In the Old Days they would call it Diplomacy. If I was loud &amp; vicious, I would have been criticized for being too tough. Remember when they said I was too tough with Chairman Kim? Hypocrites!
So important. Should have been done years ago! https://t.co/TFIqsaZWBt
Farmers have been on a downward trend for 15 years. The price of soybeans has fallen 50% since 5 years before the Election. A big reason is bad (terrible) Trade Deals with other countries. They put on massive Tariffs and Barriers. Canada charges 275% on Dairy. Farmers will WIN!
....The United States should not be penalized because we are doing so well. Tightening now hurts all that we have done. The U.S. should be allowed to recapture what was lost due to illegal currency manipulation and BAD Trade Deals. Debt coming due &amp; we are raising rates - Really?
China, the European Union and others have been manipulating their currencies and interest rates lower, while the U.S. is raising rates while the dollars gets stronger and stronger with each passing day - taking away our big competitive edge. As usual, not a level playing field...
My deepest sympathies to the families and friends of those involved in the terrible boat accident which just took place in Missouri. Such a tragedy, such a great loss. May God be with you all!
Will the Dems and Fake News ever learn? This is classic! https://t.co/kSX3ROI4QG
“Trump recognized Russian Meddling MANY TIMES” https://t.co/T8MERS93wI
....proliferation, cyber attacks, trade, Ukraine, Middle East peace, North Korea and more. There are many answers, some easy and some hard, to these problems...but they can ALL be solved!
“Trump recognized Russian Meddling MANY TIMES.” https://t.co/Da8T8SUsCE
The Summit with Russia was a great success, except with the real enemy of the people, the Fake News Media. I look forward to our second meeting so that we can start implementing some of the many things discussed, including stopping terrorism, security for Israel, nuclear........
I told you so! The European Union just slapped a Five Billion Dollar fine on one of our great companies, Google. They truly have taken advantage of the U.S., but not for long!
Really big jobs meeting today at the White House! 3 P.M.
“Trump recognized Russian Meddling MANY TIMES.” Thank you to @foxandfriends and @FoxNews for actually showing the clips. The Fake News wants no part of that narrative! Too bad they don’t want to focus on all of the ECONOMIC and JOBS records being set.
The Fake News Media wants so badly to see a major confrontation with Russia, even a confrontation that could lead to war. They are pushing so recklessly hard and hate the fact that I’ll probably have a good relationship with Putin. We are doing MUCH better than any other country!
The Fake News Media is going Crazy! They make up stories without any backup, sources or proof. Many of the stories written about me, and the good people surrounding me, are total fiction. Problem is, when you complain you just give them more publicity. But I’ll complain anyway!
The Democrats have a death wish, in more ways than one - they actually want to abolish ICE. This should cost them heavily in the Midterms. Yesterday, the Republicans overwhelmingly passed a bill supporting ICE!
Thank you to Novartis for not increasing your prices on prescription drugs. Likewise to Pfizer. We are making a big push to actually reduce the prices, maybe substantially, on prescription drugs.
A total disgrace that Turkey will not release a respected U.S. Pastor, Andrew Brunson, from prison. He has been held hostage far too long. @RT_Erdogan should do something to free this wonderful Christian husband &amp; father. He has done nothing wrong, and his family needs him!
The two biggest opponents of ICE in America today are the Democratic Party and MS-13!
Thank you to Congressman Kevin Yoder! He secured $5 BILLION for Border Security. Now we need Congress to support. Kevin has been strong on Crime, the Border, the 2nd Amendment, and he loves our Military and Vets. @RepKevinYoder has my full and total endorsement!
Brian Kemp is running for Governor of the great state of Georgia. The Primary is on Tuesday. Brian is tough on crime, strong on the border and illegal immigration. He loves our Military and our Vets and protects our Second Amendment. I give him my full and total endorsement.
3.4 million jobs created since our great Election Victory - far greater than ever anticipated, and only getting better as new and greatly improved Trade Deals start coming to fruition!
Some people HATE the fact that I got along well with President Putin of Russia. They would rather go to war than see this. It’s called Trump Derangement Syndrome!
“A lot of Democrats wished they voted for the Tax Cuts because the economy is booming - we could have 4% growth now and the Fed said yesterday that unemployment could drop again.”  @foxandfriends  @kilmeade
Congratulations to Martha Roby of The Great State of Alabama on her big GOP Primary win for Congress. My endorsement came appropriately late, but when it came the “flood gates” opened and you had the kind of landslide victory that you deserve. Enjoy!
....Russia has agreed to help with North Korea, where relationships with us are very good and the process is moving along. There is no rush, the sanctions remain! Big benefits and exciting future for North Korea at end of process!
While the NATO meeting in Brussels was an acknowledged triumph, with billions of dollars more being put up by member countries at a faster pace, the meeting with Russia may prove to be, in the long run, an even greater success. Many positive things will come out of that meeting..
So many people at the higher ends of intelligence loved my press conference performance in Helsinki. Putin and I discussed many important subjects at our earlier meeting. We got along well which truly bothered many haters who wanted to see a boxing match. Big results will come!
“Prosperity is returning. Donald Trump is doing exactly what he said he would do as a candidate, now as the most effective president, the most successful president, in modern American history.” Thank you to the great Lou Dobbs!
The Democrats want to abolish ICE, which will mean more crime in our country. I want to give ICE a big cheer! Vote Republican in November.
The meeting between President Putin and myself was a great success, except in the Fake News Media!
The economy of the United States is stronger than ever before!
Thank you @RandPaul. “The President has gone through a year and a half of totally partisan investigations - what’s he supposed to think?”
While I had a great meeting with NATO, raising vast amounts of money, I had an even better meeting with Vladimir Putin of Russia. Sadly, it is not being reported that way - the Fake News is going Crazy!
I had a great meeting with NATO. They have paid $33 Billion more and will pay hundreds of Billions of Dollars more in the future, only because of me. NATO was weak, but now it is strong again (bad for Russia). The media only says I was rude to leaders, never mentions the money!
Thank you @RandPaul, you really get it! “The President has gone through a year and a half of totally partisan investigations - what’s he supposed think?”
Will be interviewed on @seanhannity tonight at 9pmE and @TuckerCarlson tomorrow night at 8pmE. Enjoy!
A productive dialogue is not only good for the United States and good for Russia, but it is good for the world. #HELSINKI2018 https://t.co/Q2Y1PhM9au
I would rather take a political risk in pursuit of peace, than to risk peace in pursuit of politics. #HELSINKI2018 https://t.co/XdlrJWLPIh
As I said today and many times before, “I have GREAT confidence in MY intelligence people.” However, I also recognize that in order to build a brighter future, we cannot exclusively focus on the past – as the world’s two largest nuclear powers, we must get along! #HELSINKI2018
Thank you Helsinki, Finland! https://t.co/rh4NUjPSwU
Joint Press Conference from Helsinki, Finland: https://t.co/fadLMDuGiY
It was an honor to join you this morning. Thank you! https://t.co/NOUTroe8MV
Our relationship with Russia has NEVER been worse thanks to many years of U.S. foolishness and stupidity and now, the Rigged Witch Hunt!
President Obama thought that Crooked Hillary was going to win the election, so when he was informed by the FBI about Russian Meddling, he said it couldn’t happen, was no big deal, &amp; did NOTHING about it. When I won it became a big deal and the Rigged Witch Hunt headed by Strzok!
Received many calls from leaders of NATO countries thanking me for helping to bring them together and to get them focused on financial obligations, both present &amp; future. We had a truly great Summit that was inaccurately covered by much of the media. NATO is now strong &amp; rich!
Congratulations to France, who played extraordinary soccer, on winning the 2018 World Cup. Additionally, congratulations to President Putin and Russia for putting on a truly great World Cup Tournament -- one of the best ever!
...know how to do is resist and obstruct! This is why there is such hatred and dissension in our country – but at some point, it will heal!
...over the years, I would return to criticism that it wasn’t good enough – that I should have gotten Saint Petersburg in addition! Much of our news media is indeed the enemy of the people and all the Dems...
Heading to Helsinki, Finland – looking forward to meeting with President Putin tomorrow. Unfortunately, no matter how well I do at the Summit, if I was given the great city of Moscow as retribution for all of the sins and evils committed by Russia...
There hasn’t been a missile or rocket fired in 9 months in North Korea, there have been no nuclear tests and we got back our hostages. Who knows how it will all turn out in the end, but why isn’t the Fake News talking about these wonderful facts? Because it is FAKE NEWS!
These Russian individuals did their work during the Obama years. Why didn’t Obama do something about it?  Because he thought Crooked Hillary Clinton would win, that’s why. Had nothing to do with the Trump Administration, but Fake News doesn’t want to report the truth, as usual!
Our prayers are with those affected by the flooding in Japan. We commend the rescue efforts and offer condolences to all who were injured or lost loved ones. https://t.co/AIgJMyT7qS
....Remember, it was Little Jeff Z and his people, who are told exactly what to say, who said I could not win the election in that “there was no way to 270” (over &amp; over again) in the Electoral College. I got 306! They were sooooo wrong in their election coverage. Still hurting!
So funny! I just checked out Fake News CNN, for the first time in a long time (they are dying in the ratings), to see if they covered my takedown yesterday of Jim Acosta (actually a nice guy). They didn’t! But they did say I already lost in my meeting with Putin. Fake News......
The stories you heard about the 12 Russians yesterday took place during the Obama Administration, not the Trump Administration. Why didn’t they do something about it, especially when it was reported that President Obama was informed by the FBI in September, before the Election?
....Where is the DNC Server, and why didn’t the FBI take possession of it? Deep State?
The stories you heard about the 12 Russians yesterday took place during the Obama Administration, not the Trump Administrations. Why didn’t they do something about it, especially when it was reported that President Obama was informed by the FBI in September, before the Election?
The Stock Market hit 25,000 yesterday. Jobs are at an all time record - and that is before we fix some of the worst trade deals and conditions ever seen by any government. It is all happening!
I have arrived in Scotland and will be at Trump Turnberry for two days of meetings, calls and hopefully, some golf - my primary form of exercise! The weather is beautiful, and this place is incredible! Tomorrow I go to Helsinki for a Monday meeting with Vladimir Putin.
This is now changing - for the first time! https://t.co/bRgrMbdDPp
???????? https://t.co/CwnBfe3smd
Joint Press Conference with Prime Minister Theresa May...https://t.co/XQLkayYKlM
Congressman Matt Gaetz of Florida is one of the finest and most talented people in Congress. Strong on Crime, the Border, Illegal Immigration, the 2nd Amendment, our great Military &amp; Vets, Matt worked tirelessly on helping to get our Massive Tax Cuts. He has my Full Endorsement!
Great success today at NATO! Billions of additional dollars paid by members since my election. Great spirit!
A very nice note from Chairman Kim of North Korea. Great progress being made! https://t.co/6NI6AqL0xt
“Trump has been the most consequential president in history when it comes to minority employment. In June, for instance, the unemployment rate for Hispanics and Latinos 16 years and older fell to 4.6%, its lowest level ever, from 4.9% in May.” https://t.co/ex9jizOyAV
Thank you #NATO2018! https://t.co/nk85QBv1u7
#NATOSummit2018 Press Conference in Brussels, Belgium:https://t.co/iEOeGV6YBI
....On top of it all, Germany just started paying Russia, the country they want protection from, Billions of Dollars for their Energy needs coming out of a new pipeline from Russia. Not acceptable! All NATO Nations must meet their 2% commitment, and that must ultimately go to 4%!
Presidents have been trying unsuccessfully for years to get Germany and other rich NATO Nations to pay more toward their protection from Russia. They pay only a fraction of their cost. The U.S. pays tens of Billions of Dollars too much to subsidize Europe, and loses Big on Trade!
As I head out to a very important NATO meeting, I see that FBI Lover/Agent Lisa Page is dodging a Subpoena &amp; is refusing to show up and testify. What can she possibly say about her statements and lies. So much corruption on the other side. Where is the Attorney General? @FoxNews
Billions of additional dollars are being spent by NATO countries since my visit last year, at my request, but it isn’t nearly enough. U.S. spends too much. Europe’s borders are BAD! Pipeline dollars to Russia are not acceptable!
How can the Rigged Witch Hunt proceed when it was started, influenced and worked on, for an extended period of time, by former FBI Agent/Lover Peter Strzok? Read his hate filled and totally biased Emails and the answer is clear!
Ex-FBI LAYER Lisa Page today defied a House of Representatives issued Subpoena to testify before Congress! Wow, but is anybody really surprised!  Together with her lover, FBI Agent Peter Strzok, she worked on the Rigged Witch Hunt, perhaps the most tainted and corrupt case EVER!
If the Democrats want to win Supreme Court and other Court picks, don’t Obstruct and Resist, but rather do it the good ol’ fashioned way, WIN ELECTIONS!
What good is NATO if Germany is paying Russia billions of dollars for gas and energy? Why are there only 5 out of 29 countries that have met their commitment? The U.S. is paying for Europe’s protection, then loses billions on Trade. Must pay 2% of GDP IMMEDIATELY, not by 2025.
What good is NATO if Germany is paying Russia billions of dollars for gas and energy? Why are their only 5 out of 29 countries that have met their commitment? The U.S. is paying for Europe’s protection, then loses billions on Trade. Must pay 2% of GDP IMMEDIATELY, not by 2025.
Democrats in Congress must no longer Obstruct - vote to fix our terrible Immigration Laws now. I am watching what is going on from Europe - it would be soooo simple to fix. Judges run the system and illegals and traffickers know how it works. They are just using children!
...things up, better than ever before, but it can’t go too quickly. I am fighting for a level playing field for our farmers, and will win!
I am in Brussels, but always thinking about our farmers. Soy beans fell 50% from 2012 to my election. Farmers have done poorly for 15 years. Other countries’ trade barriers and tariffs have been destroying their businesses. I will open...
Bilateral Breakfast with NATO Secretary General in Brussels, Belgium... https://t.co/l0EP3lzhCM
Just talked with Pfizer CEO and @SecAzar on our drug pricing blueprint. Pfizer is rolling back price hikes, so American patients don’t pay more. We applaud Pfizer for this decision and hope other companies do the same. Great news for the American people!
The European Union makes it impossible for our farmers and workers and companies to do business in Europe (U.S. has a $151 Billion trade deficit), and then they want us to happily defend them through NATO, and nicely pay for it. Just doesn’t work!
A recent Emerson College ePoll said that most Americans, especially Hispanics, feel that they are better off under President Trump than they were under President Obama.
Many countries in NATO, which we are expected to defend, are not only short of their current commitment of 2% (which is low), but are also delinquent for many years in payments that have not been made. Will they reimburse the U.S.?
Informing the Republican Senators of my nomination of Judge Brett Kavanaugh. #SCOTUS https://t.co/O5cAaVAtQt
I am on Air Force One flying to NATO and hear reports that the FBI lovers, Peter Strzok and Lisa Page are getting cold feet on testifying about  the Rigged Witch Hunt headed by 13 Angry Democrats and people that worked for Obama for 8 years. Total disgrace!
On behalf of the United States, congratulations to the Thai Navy SEALs and all on the successful rescue of the 12 boys and their coach from the treacherous cave in Thailand. Such a beautiful moment - all freed, great job!
Thank you to all of my great supporters, really big progress being made. Other countries wanting to fix crazy trade deals. Economy is ROARING. Supreme Court pick getting GREAT REVIEWS. New Poll says Trump, at over 90%, is the most popular Republican in history of the Party. Wow!
NATO countries must pay MORE, the United States must pay LESS. Very Unfair!
Getting ready to leave for Europe. First meeting - NATO. The U.S. is spending many times more than any other country in order to protect them. Not fair to the U.S. taxpayer. On top of that we lose $151 Billion on Trade with the European Union. Charge us big Tariffs (&amp; Barriers)!
Tonight, it was my honor and privilege to nominate Judge Brett Kavanaugh to the United States Supreme Court. #SCOTUS https://t.co/97clc9zifm
HAPPY 100TH BIRTHDAY to our amazing current and former Army Warrant Officers. Thank you for your century of service, as the indispensable guardians of our great @USArmy’s technology! #CenturyOfService https://t.co/hD42XseaTG
Pfizer &amp; others should be ashamed that they have raised drug prices for no reason. They are merely taking advantage of the poor &amp; others unable to defend themselves, while at the same time giving bargain basement prices to other countries in Europe &amp; elsewhere. We will respond!
The failing NY Times Fake News story today about breast feeding must be called out. The U.S. strongly supports breast feeding but we don’t believe women should be denied access to formula. Many women need this option because of malnutrition and poverty.
I have confidence that Kim Jong Un will honor the contract we signed &amp;, even more importantly, our handshake. We agreed to the denuclearization of North Korea. China, on the other hand, may be exerting negative pressure on a deal because of our posture on Chinese Trade-Hope Not!
I have long heard that the most important decision a U.S. President can make is the selection of a Supreme Court Justice - Will be announced tonight at 9:00 P.M.
...Europe far more than it does the U.S. By some accounts, the U.S. is paying for 90% of NATO, with many countries nowhere close to their 2% commitment. On top of this the European Union has a Trade Surplus of $151 Million with the U.S., with big Trade Barriers on U.S. goods. NO!
The United States is spending far more on NATO than any other Country. This is not fair, nor is it acceptable. While these countries have been increasing their contributions since I took office, they must do much more. Germany is at 1%, the U.S. is at 4%, and NATO benefits.......
They just didn't get it, but they do now! https://t.co/9T50NupkDy
Looking forward to announcing my final decision on the United States Supreme Court Justice at 9:00pmE tomorrow night at the @WhiteHouse. An exceptional person will be chosen!
Iranian Harassment of U.S. Warships:2015: 222016: 362017: 142018: 0Source: @USNavy
The U.S. is working very closely with the Government of Thailand to help get all of the children out of the cave and to safety. Very brave and talented people!
The Rigged Witch Hunt, originally headed by FBI lover boy Peter S (for one year) &amp; now, 13 Angry Democrats, should look into the missing DNC Server, Crooked Hillary’s illegally deleted Emails, the Pakistani Fraudster, Uranium One, Podesta &amp; so much more. It’s a Democrat Con Job!
Public opinion has turned strongly against the Rigged Witch Hunt and the “Special” Counsel because the public understands that there was no  Collusion with Russia (so ridiculous), that the two FBI lovers were a fraud against our Nation &amp; that the only Collusion was with the Dems!
Public opinion has turned strongly against the Rigged Witch Hunt and the “Special” Councel because the public understands that there was no  Collusion with Russia (so ridiculous), that the two FBI lovers were a fraud against our Nation &amp; that the only Collusion was with the Dems!
Big decision will soon be made on our next Justice of the Supreme Court!
Twitter is getting rid of fake accounts at a record pace. Will that include the Failing New York Times and propaganda machine for Amazon, the Washington Post, who constantly quote anonymous sources that, in my opinion, don’t exist - They will both be out of business in 7 years!
Just won lawsuit filed by the DNC and a bunch of Democrat crazies trying to claim the Trump Campaign (and others), colluded with Russia. They haven’t figured out that this was an excuse for them losing the election!
JOBS, JOBS, JOBS! https://t.co/Tz2PQ2xetT
Thanks to REPUBLICAN LEADERSHIP, America is WINNING AGAIN - and America is being RESPECTED again all over the world. Because we are finally putting AMERICA FIRST!
Every day, the brave men and women of ICE are liberating communities from savage gangs like MS-13. We will NOT stand for these vile Democrat smears in law enforcement. We will always stand proudly with the BRAVE HEROES of ICE and BORDER PATROL!
A vote for Democrats in November is a vote to let MS-13 run wild in our communities, to let drugs pour into our cities, and to take jobs and benefits away from hardworking Americans. Democrats want anarchy, amnesty and chaos - Republicans want LAW, ORDER and JUSTICE!
It was my great honor to join proud, hardworking American Patriots in Montana tonight. I love you - thank you! #MAGA https://t.co/475ct7hW3D
...on Monday assume duties as the acting Administrator of the EPA. I have no doubt that Andy will continue on with our great and lasting EPA agenda. We have made tremendous progress and the future of the EPA is very bright!
I have accepted the resignation of Scott Pruitt as the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency. Within the Agency Scott has done an outstanding job, and I will always be thankful to him for this. The Senate confirmed Deputy at EPA, Andrew Wheeler, will...
Congress - FIX OUR INSANE IMMIGRATION LAWS NOW!
.....Country being forced to endure a long and costly trial. Tell the people “OUT,” and they must leave, just as they would if they were standing on your front lawn. Hiring thousands of “judges” does not work and is not acceptable - only Country in the World that does this!
Congress must pass smart, fast and reasonable Immigration Laws now. Law Enforcement at the Border is doing a great job, but the laws they are forced to work with are insane. When people, with or without children, enter our Country, they must be told to leave without our........
Happy Birthday, America! https://t.co/SIi6xXsfof
The OPEC Monopoly must remember that gas prices are up &amp; they are doing little to help. If anything, they are driving prices higher as the United States defends many of their members for very little $’s. This must be a two way street. REDUCE PRICING NOW!
https://t.co/ue5JEZy85v
Happy Fourth of July....Our Country is doing GREAT!
Tomorrow, families across our Nation will gather to celebrate the Fourth of July. As we do, we will think of the men &amp; women serving overseas at this very moment, far away from their families, protecting America - &amp; we will thank GOD for blessing us with these incredible HEROES! https://t.co/FQ1D7oEta2
...has endured because of the sweat, blood and sacrifice of the American Armed Forces – the greatest force for peace and justice in the history of the world!
Tonight we gathered to celebrate the courageous men and women who make freedom possible: our brave service members, and our wonderful Veterans. For 242 years, American Independence...
Thank you, @WVGovernor Jim Justice, for that warm introduction. Tonight, it was my great honor to attend the “Greenbrier Classic – Salute to Service Dinner” in West Virginia! God Bless our Veterans. God Bless America - and HAPPY INDEPENDENCE DAY TO ALL! https://t.co/V35qvCN8m6
After having written many best selling books, and somewhat priding myself on my ability to write, it should be noted that the Fake News constantly likes to pore over my tweets looking for a mistake. I capitalize certain words only for emphasis, not b/c they should be capitalized!
Just arrived in West Virginia! https://t.co/yjI0Xl5rMh
The Washington Post is constantly quoting “anonymous sources” that do not exist. Rarely do they use the name of anyone because there is no one to give them the kind of negative quote that they are looking for. They are a disgrace to journalism but then again, so are many others!
Heading to West Virginia to be with my friend, @WVGovernor Jim Justice, at his beautiful Greenbrier Resort. He works hard, does a great job, and raises lots of money for charities!
After having written many best selling books, and somewhat priding myself on my ability to write, it should be noted that the Fake News constantly likes to pour over my tweets looking for a mistake. I capitalize certain words only for emphasis, not b/c they should be capitalized!
The Washington Post is constantly quoting “anonymous sources” that do not exist. Rarely do they use the name of anyone because there is no one to give them the kind of negative quote that they are looking for. They are a discgrace to journalism but then again, so are many others!
Wow! The NSA has deleted 685 million phone calls and text messages. Privacy violations? They blame technical irregularities. Such a disgrace. The Witch Hunt continues!
Now that Harley-Davidson is moving part of its operation out of the U.S., my Administration is working with other Motor Cycle companies who want to move into the U.S. Harley customers are not happy with their move - sales are down 7% in 2017. The U.S. is where the Action is!
Just out that the Obama Administration granted citizenship, during the terrible Iran Deal negotiation, to 2,500 Iranians - including to government officials. How big (and bad) is that?
Many good conversations with North Korea-it is going well! In the meantime, no Rocket Launches or Nuclear Testing in 8 months. All of Asia is thrilled. Only the Opposition Party, which includes the Fake News, is complaining. If not for me, we would now be at War with North Korea!
How can the Democrats, who are weak on the Border and weak on Crime, do well in November. The people of our Country want and demand Safety and Security, while the Democrats are more interested in  ripping apart and demeaning (and not properly funding) our great Law Enforcement!
When we have an “infestation” of MS-13 GANGS in certain parts of our country, who do we send to get them out? ICE! They are tougher and smarter than these rough criminal elelments that bad immigration laws allow into our country. Dems do not appreciate the great job they do! Nov.
The economy is doing perhaps better than ever before, and that’s prior to fixing some of the worst and most unfair Trade Deals ever made by any country. In any event, they are coming along very well. Most countries agree that they must be changed, but nobody ever asked!
I interviewed 4 very impressive people yesterday. On Monday I will be announcing my decision for Justice of the United States Supreme Court!
Crazy Maxine Waters, said by some to be one of the most corrupt people in politics, is rapidly becoming, together with Nancy Pelosi, the FACE of the Democrat Party. Her ranting and raving, even referring to herself as a wounded animal, will make people flee the Democrats!
Many Democrats are deeply concerned about the fact that their “leadership” wants to denounce and abandon the great men and women of ICE, thereby declaring war on Law &amp; Order. These people will be voting for Republicans in November and, in many cases, joining the Republican Party!
Today, it was my great honor to welcome Prime Minister Mark Rutte of the Netherlands, to the @WhiteHouse! https://t.co/Zn6ZLM0tzy
Congratulations to Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador on becoming the next President of Mexico. I look very much forward to working with him. There is much to be done that will benefit both the United States and Mexico!
A big week, especially with our numerous victories in the Supreme Court. Heading back to the White House now. Focus will be on the selection of a new Supreme Court Justice. Exciting times for our country. Economy may be stronger than it has ever been!
The Liberal Left, also known as the Democrats, want to get rid of ICE, who do a fantastic job, and want Open Borders. Crime would be rampant and uncontrollable! Make America Great Again
I will be interviewed by @MariaBartiromo at 10:00 A.M. on @FoxNews
When people come into our Country illegally, we must IMMEDIATELY escort them back out without going through years of legal maneuvering. Our laws are the dumbest anywhere in the world. Republicans want Strong Borders and no Crime. Dems want Open Borders and are weak on Crime!
I will be interviewed by @MariaBartiromo on Sunday on @FoxNews at 10:00 A. M. Enjoy!
Either we need to elect more Republicans in November or Republicans must end the ridiculous 60 vote, or Filibuster, rule - or better yet, do both. Cryin’ Chuck would do it on day one, but we’ll never give him the chance. Some great legislation awaits - be smart!
I never pushed the Republicans in the House to vote for the Immigration Bill, either GOODLATTE 1 or 2, because it could never have gotten enough Democrats as long as there is the 60 vote threshold. I released many prior to the vote knowing we need more Republicans to win in Nov.
A friend of mine and a man who has truly seen politics and life as few others ever will, Sean Spicer, has written a great new book, “The Briefing: Politics, the Press and the President.” It is a story told with both heart and knowledge. Really good, go get it!
I will be making my choice for Justice of the United States Supreme Court on the first Monday after the July 4th Holiday, July 9th!
Just spoke to King Salman of Saudi Arabia and explained to him that, because of the turmoil &amp; disfunction in Iran and Venezuela, I am asking that Saudi Arabia increase oil production, maybe up to 2,000,000 barrels, to make up the difference...Prices to high! He has agreed!
To the great and brave men and women of ICE, do not worry or lose your spirit. You are doing a fantastic job of keeping us safe by eradicating the worst criminal elements. So brave! The radical left Dems want you out. Next it will be all police. Zero chance, It will never happen!
The Democrats are making a strong push to abolish ICE, one of the smartest, toughest and most spirited law enforcement groups of men and women that I have ever seen. I have watched ICE liberate towns from the grasp of MS-13 &amp; clean out the toughest of situations. They are great!
The new plant being built by Foxconn in Wisconsin is incredible. Congratulations to the people of Wisconsin and to Governor Scott Walker @GovWalker and his talented representatives for having pulled it off. Great job!
Six months after our TAX CUTS, more than 6 MILLION workers have received bonuses, pay raises, and retirement account contributions.#TaxCutsandJobsAct https://t.co/MevjwIINGU
Before going any further today, I want to address the horrific shooting that took place yesterday at the Capital Gazette newsroom in Annapolis, Maryland. This attack shocked the conscience of our Nation, and filled our hearts with grief... https://t.co/LALXGhk04b
Prior to departing Wisconsin, I was briefed on the shooting at Capital Gazette in Annapolis, Maryland. My thoughts and prayers are with the victims and their families. Thank you to all of the First Responders who are currently on the scene.
AMERICA IS OPEN FOR BUSINESS! https://t.co/fuRF2Z6CZl
Today, we broke ground on a plant that will provide jobs for up to 15,000 Wisconsin Workers! As Foxconn has discovered, there is no better place to build, hire and grow than right here in the United States! https://t.co/tOFFodZYvK
I am in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, for meetings. Soon to leave for a big groundbreaking for Foxconn, which is building a great new electronics plant in Wisconsin. 15,000 Jobs, so great!
....persecuted on old and/or totally unrelated charges (there was no collusion and there was no obstruction of the no collusion)...And what is going on in the FBI &amp; DOJ with Crooked Hillary, the DNC and all of the lies? A disgraceful situation!
When is Bob Mueller going to list his Conflicts of Interest? Why has it taken so long? Will they be listed at the top of his $22,000,000 Report...And what about the 13 Angry Democrats, will they list their conflicts with Crooked H? How many people will be sent to jail and......
Peter Strzok worked as the leader of the Rigged Witch Hunt for a long period of time - he got it started and was only fired because the gig was up. But remember, he took his orders from Comey and McCabe and they took their orders from you know who. Mueller/Comey best friends!
Just watched @SharkGregNorman on @foxandfriends. Said “President is doing a great job. All over the world, people want to come back to the U.S.” Thank you Greg, and you’re looking and doing great!
Amy Kremer, Women for Trump, was so great on @foxandfriends. Brave and very smart, thank you Amy! @AmyKremer
Russia continues to say they had nothing to do with Meddling in our Election! Where is the DNC Server, and why didn’t Shady James Comey and the now disgraced FBI agents take and closely examine it? Why isn’t Hillary/Russia being looked at? So many questions, so much corruption!
Lover FBI Agent Peter Strzok was given poor marks on yesterday’s closed door testimony and, according to most reports, refused to answer many questions. There was no Collusion and the Witch Hunt, headed by 13 Angry Democrats and others who are totally conflicted, is Rigged!
In recent days we have heard shameless attacks on our courageous law enforcement officers. Extremist Democrat politicians have called for the complete elimination of ICE. Leftwing Activists are trying to block ICE officers from doing their jobs and publicly posting their...
...home addresses – putting these selfless public servants in harm’s way. These radical protesters want ANARCHY – but the only response they will find from our government is LAW AND ORDER!
Thank you North Dakota. Together, we are MAKING AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN! #MAGA https://t.co/6Am9n6px8I
Just landed in North Dakota with @SenJohnHoeven and @RepKevinCramer. We will see everyone at Scheels Arena shortly! https://t.co/pakUigKB61
Today, it was my great honor to welcome President Marcelo Rebelo de Sousa of Portugal to the @WhiteHouse!???????? https://t.co/yd37K4Ei8R
Heading to North Dakota to fully stand with and endorse Kevin Cramer for Senate. He is an extraordinary Congressman who will hopefully soon represent this great state as your Senator. He is tough on crime, strong on borders, loves our Military, and our Vets! #NDSen https://t.co/uP95m0sIRP
Statement on Justice Anthony Kennedy. #SCOTUS https://t.co/8aWJ6fWemA
Today, I was thrilled to join student leaders from Colleges and Universities across the country... https://t.co/OQp3NcOeE4
Harley-Davidson should stay 100% in America, with the people that got you your success. I’ve done so much for you, and then this. Other companies are coming back where they belong! We won’t forget, and neither will your customers or your now very HAPPY competitors!
Supreme Court rules in favor of non-union workers who are now, as an example, able to support a candidate of his or her choice without having those who control the Union deciding for them. Big loss for the coffers of the Democrats!
HOUSE REPUBLICANS SHOULD PASS THE STRONG BUT FAIR IMMIGRATION BILL, KNOWN AS GOODLATTE II, IN THEIR AFTERNOON VOTE TODAY, EVEN THOUGH THE DEMS WON’T LET IT PASS IN THE SENATE. PASSAGE WILL SHOW THAT WE WANT STRONG BORDERS &amp; SECURITY WHILE THE DEMS WANT OPEN BORDERS = CRIME.  WIN!
Congratulations to Maxine Waters, whose crazy rants have made her, together with Nancy Pelosi, the unhinged FACE of the Democrat Party. Together, they will Make America Weak Again! But have no fear, America is now stronger than ever before, and I’m not going anywhere!
Big and conclusive win by Mitt Romney. Congratulations! I look forward to working together - there is so much good to do. A great and loving family will be coming to D.C.
The legendary Gary Player at Turnberry in Scotland! https://t.co/3oGoqWhhtA
A great First Lady! https://t.co/Pt35aluI4C
The Democrats are in Turmoil! Open Borders and unchecked Crime a certain way to lose elections. Republicans are for Strong Borders, NO Crime! A BIG NIGHT!
Wow! Big Trump Hater Congressman Joe Crowley, who many expected was going to take Nancy Pelosi’s place, just LOST his primary election. In other words, he’s out! That is a big one that nobody saw happening. Perhaps he should have been nicer, and more respectful, to his President!
Tremendous win for Congressman Dan Donovan. You showed great courage in a tough race! New York, and my many friends on Staten Island, have elected someone they have always been very proud of. Congratulations!
Congratulations to Governor Henry McMaster on your BIG election win! South Carolina loves you. We are all proud of you and Peggy! @henrymcmaster
Today, we tell the story of an incredible HERO who defended our nation in World War Two – First Lieutenant Garlin Murl Conner. Although he died 20 years ago, today he takes his rightful place in the Eternal Chronicle of American Valor...https://t.co/mzJ8pPPgZE
SUPREME COURT UPHOLDS TRUMP TRAVEL BAN. Wow!
“The most profound question of our era: Was there a conspiracy in the Obama Department of Justice and the FBI to prevent Donald Trump from becoming President of the U.S., and was Strzok at the core of the conspiracy?”  Judge Andrew Napolitano
The face of the Democrats is now Maxine Waters who, together with Nancy Pelosi, have established a fine leadership team. They should always stay together and lead the Democrats, who want Open Borders and Unlimited Crime, well into the future....and pick Crooked Hillary for Pres.
A Harley-Davidson should never be built in another country-never! Their employees and customers are already very angry at them. If they move, watch, it will be the beginning of the end - they surrendered, they quit! The Aura will be gone and they will be taxed like never before!
It was great being with Governor Henry McMaster last night in South Carolina. Henry is tough on Crime and Borders, loves our Military and our Vets and has created many jobs and a great economy. GO OUT AND VOTE FOR HENRY TODAY, HE WILL NEVER LET YOU DOWN!
....We are finishing our study of Tariffs on cars from the E.U. in that they have long taken advantage of the U.S. in the form of Trade Barriers and Tariffs. In the end it will all even out - and it won’t take very long!
....When I had Harley-Davidson officials over to the White House, I chided them about tariffs in other countries, like India, being too high. Companies are now coming back to America. Harley must know that they won’t be able to sell back into U.S. without paying a big tax!
....We are getting other countries to reduce and eliminate tariffs and trade barriers that have been unfairly used for years against our farmers, workers and companies. We are opening up closed markets and expanding our footprint. They must play fair or they will pay tariffs!
Early this year Harley-Davidson said they would move much of their plant operations in Kansas City to Thailand. That was long before Tariffs were announced. Hence, they were just using Tariffs/Trade War as an excuse. Shows how unbalanced &amp; unfair trade is, but we will fix it.....
Thank you South Carolina. Now let’s get out tomorrow and VOTE for @HenryMcMaster! https://t.co/5xlz0wfMfu
Just landed in South Carolina - will be at the McMaster rally shortly! #MAGA
The hearing of Peter Strzok and the other hating frauds at the FBI &amp; DOJ should be shown to the public on live television, not a closed door hearing that nobody will see. We should expose these people for what they are - there should be total transparency!
Why is Senator Mark Warner (D-VA), perhaps in a near drunken state, claiming he has information that only he and Bob Mueller, the leader of the 13 Angry Democrats on a Witch Hunt, knows? Isn’t this highly illegal. Is it being investigated?
“Director David Lynch: Trump Could Go Down as One of the Greatest Presidents” https://t.co/AcgnIZNh6e
Surprised that Harley-Davidson, of all companies, would be the first to wave the White Flag. I fought hard for them and ultimately they will not pay tariffs selling into the E.U., which has hurt us badly on trade, down $151 Billion. Taxes just a Harley excuse - be patient!  #MAGA
Congresswoman Maxine Waters, an extraordinarily low IQ person, has become, together with Nancy Pelosi, the Face of the Democrat Party. She has just called for harm to supporters, of which there are many, of the Make America Great Again movement. Be careful what you wish for Max!
Will be heading to one of my favorite places, South Carolina, to fight for one of my original “fighters,” Governor Henry McMaster. Speaking at 7:00 P.M.
....If this is done, illegal immigration will be stopped in it’s tracks - and at very little, by comparison, cost. This is the only real answer - and we must continue to BUILD THE WALL!
Hiring manythousands of judges, and going through a long and complicated legal process, is not the way to go - will always be disfunctional. People must simply be stopped at the Border and told they cannot come into the U.S. illegally. Children brought back to their country......
Such a difference in the media coverage of the same immigration policies between the Obama Administration and ours. Actually, we have done a far better job in that our facilities are cleaner and better run than were the facilities under Obama. Fake News is working overtime!
I have tried to stay uninvolved with the Department of Justice and FBI (although I do not legally have to), because of the now totally discredited and very expensive Witch Hunt currently going on. But you do have to ask why the DOJ &amp; FBI aren’t giving over requested documents?
The Red Hen Restaurant should focus more on cleaning its filthy canopies, doors and windows (badly needs a paint job) rather than refusing to serve a fine person like Sarah Huckabee Sanders. I always had a rule, if a restaurant is dirty on the outside, it is dirty on the inside!
Former Attorney General Michael Mukasey said that President Trump is probably correct that there was surveillance on Trump Tower. Actually, far greater than would ever have been believed!
.@RepClayHiggins has been a great help to me on Cutting Taxes, creating great new healthcare programs at low cost, fighting for Border Security, our Military and are Vets. He is tough on Crime and has my full Endorsement. The Great State of Louisiana, we want Clay!
House Republicans could easily pass a Bill on Strong Border Security but remember, it still has to pass in the Senate, and for that we need 10 Democrat votes, and all they do is RESIST. They want Open Borders and don’t care about Crime! Need more Republicans to WIN in November!
.@ClayHiggins18 has been a great help to me on Cutting Taxes, creating great new healthcare programs at low cost, fighting for Border Security, our Military and are Vets. He is tough on Crime and has my full Endorsement. The Great State of Louisiana, we want Clay!
.@jimmyfallon is now whimpering to all that he did the famous “hair show” with me (where he seriously messed up my hair), &amp; that he would have now done it differently because it is said to have “humanized” me-he is taking heat. He called &amp; said “monster ratings.” Be a man Jimmy!
The United States is insisting that all countries that have placed artificial Trade Barriers and Tariffs on goods going into their country, remove those Barriers &amp; Tariffs or be met with more than Reciprocity by the U.S.A. Trade must be fair and no longer a one way street!
....Our Immigration policy, laughed at all over the world, is very unfair to all of those people who have gone through the system legally and are waiting on line for years! Immigration must be based on merit - we need people who will help to Make America Great Again!
We cannot allow all of these people to invade our Country. When somebody comes in, we must immediately, with no Judges or Court Cases, bring them back from where they came. Our system is a mockery to good immigration policy and Law and Order. Most children come without parents...
Democrats, fix the laws. Don’t RESIST. We are doing a far better job than Bush and Obama, but we need strength and security at the Border! Cannot accept all of the people trying to break into our Country. Strong Borders, No Crime!
Major Wall Street Journal opinion piece today talking about the Russian Witch Hunt and the disgrace that it is. So many people hurt, so bad for our country - a total sham!https://t.co/bcpSGtoX6a
AMERICA IS OPEN FOR BUSINESS! https://t.co/ZjdlHwJlxm
Thank you @NVGOP! #MAGA https://t.co/OGTR2j6PGG
Happy Birthday to Supreme Court Justice Clarence Thomas, a friend and great man! https://t.co/hlXYYkTjcv
It’s very sad that Nancy Pelosi and her sidekick, Cryin’ Chuck Schumer, want to protect illegal immigrants far more than the citizens of our country. The United States cannot stand for this. We wants safety and security at our borders!
Heading to Nevada to talk trade and immigration with supporters. Country’s economy is stronger than ever before with numbers that are getting better by the week. Tremendous potential, and trade deals are coming along well.
My thoughts and prayers are with Representative Katie Arrington of South Carolina, including all of those involved in last nights car accident, and their families. https://t.co/rWYt2VBjxc
...everyone how much he likes me, but he will only vote with Nancy Pelosi. Keith is strong on borders and tough on crime — and loves cutting taxes! #MAGA
.@VP Pence is heading to Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania where we have both strongly endorsed one of the finest men around, Congressman Keith @RothfusForPA. He is running against #LambTheSham, who is telling...
Drudge Report  “OBAMA KEPT THEM IN CAGES, WRAPPED THEM IN FOIL” We do a much better job while at the same time maintaining a MUCH stronger Border! Mainstream Fake Media hates this story.
“Disability applications plunge as economy strengthens”  Failing New York Times
The National Association of Manufacturers just announced that 95.1% of Manufacturers “have a positive outlook for their companies.”  This is the best number in the Association’s history!
The Russian Witch Hunt is Rigged!
.@FoxNews  Poll numbers plummet on the Democrat inspired and paid for Russian Witch Hunt. With all of the bias, lying and hate by the investigators, people want the investigators investigated. Much more will come out. A total scam and excuse for the Dems losing the Election!
Steel is coming back fast! U.S. Steel is adding great capacity also. So are others. https://t.co/0Pzwjg3Vxn
Based on the Tariffs and Trade Barriers long placed on the U.S. &amp; its great companies and workers by the European Union, if these Tariffs and Barriers are not soon broken down and removed, we will be placing a 20% Tariff on all of their cars coming into the U.S. Build them here!
Our first duty, and our highest loyalty, is to the citizens of the United States. We will not rest until our border is secure, our citizens are safe, and we finally end the immigration crisis once and for all. https://t.co/7YfZ9kjB23
We are gathered today to hear directly from the AMERICAN VICTIMS of ILLEGAL IMMIGRATION. These are the American Citizens permanently separated from their loved ones b/c they were killed by criminal illegal aliens. These are the families the media ignores...https://t.co/ZjXESYAcjY
Based on the Tariffs and Trade Barriers long placed on the U.S. and it great companies and workers by the European Union, if these Tariffs and Barriers are not soon broken down and removed, we will be placing a 20% Tariff on all of their cars coming into the U.S. Build them here!
Hope OPEC will increase output substantially. Need to keep prices down!
We must maintain a Strong Southern Border. We cannot allow our Country to be overrun by illegal immigrants as the Democrats tell their phony stories of sadness and grief, hoping it will help them in the elections. Obama and others had the same pictures, and did nothing about it!
80% of Mexico’s Exports come to the United States. They totally rely on us, which is fine with me. They do have, though, very strong Immigration Laws. The U.S. has pathetically weak and ineffective Immigration Laws that the Democrats refuse to help us fix. Will speak to Mexico!
Congressman Ron DeSantis, a top student at Yale and Harvard Law School, is running for Governor of the Great State of Florida. Ron is strong on Borders, tough on Crime &amp; big on Cutting Taxes - Loves our Military &amp; our Vets. He will be a Great Governor &amp; has my full Endorsement!
Congresswoman Martha Roby of Alabama has been a consistent and reliable vote for our Make America Great Again Agenda. She is in a Republican Primary run-off against a recent Nancy Pelosi voting Democrat. I fully endorse Martha for Alabama 2nd Congressional District!
Governor Henry McMaster is a truly fine man who loves the People of South Carolina. He was one of my very early supporters and truly helped me to a Big South Carolina Victory. I will see you all in S.C on Monday and Vice President Pence will be there for Henry on Saturday!
Republicans should stop wasting their time on Immigration until after we elect more Senators and Congressmen/women in November. Dems are just playing games, have no intention of doing anything to solves this decades old problem. We can pass great legislation after the Red Wave!
Elect more Republicans in  November and we will pass the finest, fairest and most comprehensive Immigration Bills anywhere in the world. Right now we have the dumbest and the worst. Dems are doing nothing but Obstructing. Remember their motto, RESIST! Ours is PRODUCE!
Even if we get 100% Republican votes in the Senate, we need 10 Democrat votes to get a much needed Immigration Bill - &amp; the Dems are Obstructionists who won’t give votes for political reasons &amp; because they don’t care about Crime coming from Border! So we need to elect more R’s!
Our great Judge Jeanine Pirro is out with a new book, “Liars, Leakers and Liberals, the Case Against the Anti-Trump Conspiracy,” which is fantastic. Go get it!
You cannot pass legislation on immigration whether it be for safety and security or any other reason including “heart,” without getting Dem votes. Problem is, they don’t care about security and R’s do. Zero Dems voted to support the Goodlatte Bill. They won’t vote for anything!
We have to maintain strong borders or we will no longer have a country that we can be proud of – and if we show any weakness, millions of people will journey into our country.
“I REALLY DON’T CARE, DO U?” written on the back of Melania’s jacket, refers to the Fake News Media. Melania has learned how dishonest they are, and she truly no longer cares!
Big Supreme Court win on internet sales tax - about time! Big victory for fairness and for our country. Great victory for consumers and retailers.
Farm Bill just passed in the House. So happy to see work requirements included. Big win for the farmers!
I was thrilled to be back in Minnesota for a roundtable with hardworking American Patriots. Thank you! https://t.co/suoRN02zMq
"The real big story that affects everybody in America is the success of @POTUS's TAX CUT package and what it's done for our economy...” @Varneyco https://t.co/2bUbA7zSFM
My Administration is acting swiftly to address the illegal immigration crisis on the Southern Border. Loopholes in our immigration laws all supported by extremist open border Democrats...and that's what they are - they're extremist open border Democrats.... https://t.co/F73I5gu0Q5
Democrats want open Borders, where anyone can come into our Country, and stay. This is Nancy Pelosi’s dream. It won’t happen!
Henry McMaster has done a great job as Governor of South Carolina. The state is BOOMING, with jobs and new industry setting records. He is tough on Crime and Strong on Borders, Healthcare, the Military and our great Vets. Henry has my full and complete Endrosement! #MAGA
What is the purpose of the House doing good immigration bills when you need 9 votes by Democrats in the Senate, and the Dems are only looking to Obstruct (which they feel is good for them in the Mid-Terms). Republicans must get rid of the stupid Filibuster Rule-it is killing you!
Last night in Minnesota was incredible. What a crowd!
Henry McMaster has done a great job as Governor of South Carolina. The State is BOOMING, with jobs and new industry setting records. He is tough on Crime and strong on Borders, Health Care, the Mititary and our great Vets. Henry has my full and complete Endorsement! #MAGA
I will be going the Columbia, South Carolina, on Monday night to do a campaign speech for one of my very early supporters, a man who truly loves the people of South Carolina, Governor Henry McMaster. Henry worked so hard &amp; was so loyal to me that I look forward to reciprocating!
The Border has been a big mess and problem for many years. At some point Schumer and Pelosi, who are weak on Crime and Border security, will be forced to do a real deal, so easy, that solves this long time problem. Schumer used to want Border security - now he’ll take Crime!
We shouldn’t be hiring judges by the thousands, as our ridiculous immigration laws demand, we should be changing our laws, building the Wall, hire Border Agents and Ice and not let people come into our country based on the legal phrase they are told to say as their password.
ALL-TIME RECORD OPTIMISM! https://t.co/ZTrfJY2afh
Just returning from the Great State of Minnesota where we had an incredible rally with 9,000 people, and at least 10,000 who could not get in - I will return! Congratulations to @PeteStauber who is loved and respected in Minnesota!
Thank you Duluth, Minnesota. Together, we are MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! https://t.co/G0hbbx6xAK
So sorry, people wanting to get into the already packed arena - I LOVE YOU ALL! https://t.co/PFvXrsvgkA
Just landed in Duluth, Minnesota. Two events planned - looking forward to them and being with @PeteStauber and his wonderful family!
Don’t worry, the Republicans, and your President, will fix it! https://t.co/xsbuPzXbHj
Look what Fake ABC News put out. I guess they had it prepared from the 13 Angry Democrats leading the Witch Hunt! #StopTheBias https://t.co/c0XOk1btEQ
Had a great meeting with the House GOP last night at the Capitol. They applauded and laughed loudly when I mentioned my experience with Mark Sanford. I have never been a fan of his!
https://t.co/yfwdyUHmn3
More records! #MAGA https://t.co/2CP5eq40Fy
“FBI texts have revealed anti-Trump Bias.” @FoxNews  Big News, but the Fake News doesn’t want to cover. Total corruption - the Witch Hunt has turned out to be a scam! At some point soon the Mainstream Media will have to cover correctly, too big a story!
It’s the Democrats fault, they won’t give us the votes needed to pass good immigration legislation. They want open borders, which breeds horrible crime. Republicans want security. But I am working on something - it never ends!
The Fake News is not mentioning the safety and security of our Country when talking about illegal immigration. Our immigration laws are the weakest and worst anywhere in the world, and the Dems will do anything not to change them &amp; to obstruct-want open borders which means crime!
THANK YOU @HouseGOP! https://t.co/scvACfJwts
Earlier today, @FLOTUS Melania and I were honored to welcome King Felipe VI and Queen Letizia of Spain to the @WhiteHouse!???????? https://t.co/cCubCyiRm5
Homeland Security @SecNielsen did a fabulous job yesterday at the press conference explaining security at the border and for our country, while at the same time recommending changes to obsolete &amp; nasty laws, which force family separation. We want “heart” and security in America!
I want to take a moment to address the current illegal immigration crisis on the Southern Border...it has been going on for many, many decades... https://t.co/1F7EK9Ef88
THANK YOU @NFIB! #NFIB75 https://t.co/5ppZhQhZu0
Join me tomorrow in Duluth, Minnesota for a #MAGA Rally! Tickets: https://t.co/mhhJB8WQlF https://t.co/gP59o1RDqW
#CHANGETHELAWS   Now is the best opportunity ever for Congress to change the ridiculous and obsolete laws on immigration. Get it done, always keeping in mind that we must have strong border security.
We must always arrest people coming into our Country illegally. Of the 12,000 children, 10,000 are being sent by their parents on a very dangerous trip, and only 2000 are with their parents, many of whom have tried to enter our Country illegally on numerous occasions.
Democrats are the problem. They don’t care about crime and want illegal immigrants, no matter how bad they may be, to pour into and infest our Country, like MS-13. They can’t win on their terrible policies, so they view them as potential voters!
If you don’t have Borders, you don’t have a Country!
Crime in Germany is up 10% plus (officials do not want to report these crimes) since migrants were accepted. Others countries are even worse. Be smart America!
I can’t think of something more concerning than a law enforcement officer suggesting that their going to use their powers to affect an election!” Inspector General Horowitz on what was going on with numerous people regarding my election. A Rigged Witch Hunt!p
Comey gave Strozk his marching orders. Mueller is Comey’s best friend. Witch Hunt!
If President Obama (who got nowhere with North Korea and would have had to go to war with many millions of people being killed) had gotten along with North Korea and made the initial steps toward a deal that I have, the Fake News would have named him a national hero!
It is the Democrats fault for being weak and ineffective with Boarder Security and Crime. Tell them to start thinking about the people devastated by Crime coming from illegal immigration. Change the laws!
CHANGE THE LAWS!
Children are being used by some of the worst criminals on earth as a means to enter our country. Has anyone been looking at the Crime taking place south of the border. It is historic, with some countries the most dangerous places in the world. Not going to happen in the U.S.
We don’t want what is happening with immigration in Europe to happen with us!
The people of Germany are turning against their leadership as migration is rocking the already tenuous Berlin coalition. Crime in Germany is way up. Big mistake made all over Europe in allowing millions of people in who have so strongly and violently changed their culture!
Why don’t the Democrats give us the votes to fix the world’s worst immigration laws? Where is the outcry for the killings and crime being caused by gangs and thugs, including MS-13, coming into our country illegally?
“The highest level of bias I’ve ever witnessed in any law enforcement officer.” Trey Gowdy on the FBI’s own, Peter Strzok. Also remember that they all worked for Slippery James Comey and that Comey is best friends with Robert Mueller. A really sick deal, isn’t it?
The Democrats should get together with their Republican counterparts and work something out on Border Security &amp; Safety. Don’t wait until after the election because you are going to lose!
Why was the FBI’s sick loser, Peter Strzok, working on the totally discredited Mueller team of 13 Angry &amp; Conflicted Democrats, when Strzok was giving Crooked Hillary a free pass yet telling his lover, lawyer Lisa Page, that “we’ll stop” Trump from becoming President? Witch Hunt!
Why was the FBI giving so much information to the Fake News Media. They are not supposed to be doing that, and knowing the enemy of the people Fake News, they put their own spin on it - truth doesn’t matter to them!
WITCH HUNT! There was no Russian Collusion. Oh, I see, there was no Russian Collusion, so now they look for obstruction on the no Russian Collusion. The phony Russian Collusion was a made up Hoax. Too bad they didn’t look at Crooked Hillary like this. Double Standard!
Washington Post employees want to go on strike because Bezos isn’t paying them enough. I think a really long strike would be a great idea. Employees would get more money and we would get rid of Fake News for an extended period of time! Is @WaPo a registered lobbyist?
Our economy is perhaps BETTER than it has ever been. Companies doing really well, and moving back to America, and jobs numbers are the best in 44 years.
The denuclearization deal with North Korea is being praised and celebrated all over Asia. They are so happy! Over here, in our country, some people would rather see this historic deal fail than give Trump a win, even if it does save potentially millions &amp; millions of lives!
Holding back the “war games” during the negotiations was my request because they are VERY EXPENSIVE and set a bad light during a good faith negotiation. Also, quite provocative. Can start up immediately if talks break down, which I hope will not happen!
Funny how the Fake News, in a coordinated effort with each other, likes to say I gave sooo much to North Korea because I “met.” That’s because that’s all they have to disparage! We got so much for peace in the world, &amp; more is being added in finals. Even got our hostages/remains!
Daniel Henninger of The Wall Street Journal: “This IG Report makes it clear, as did Rod Rosenstein’s memo, that Trump was absolutely justified, unquestionably justified, in firing Jim Comey. So I think the Mueller Investigation is on pretty weak grounds right now.”  Witch Hunt!
Please clear up the Fake News! https://t.co/3VbIKbmKwP
Chuck Schumer said “the Summit was what the Texans call all cattle and no hat.” Thank you Chuck, but are you sure you got that right? No more nuclear testing or rockets flying all over the place, blew up launch sites. Hostages already back, hero remains coming home &amp; much more!
The IG Report totally destroys James Comey and all of his minions including the great lovers, Peter Strzok and Lisa Page, who started the disgraceful Witch Hunt against so many innocent people. It will go down as a dark and dangerous period in American History!
The IG Report totally distroys James Comey and all of his minions including the great lovers, Peter Strzok and Lisa Page, who started the disgraceful Witch Hunt against so many innocent people. It will go down as a dark and dangerous period in American History!
My supporters are the smartest, strongest, most hard working and most loyal that we have seen in our countries history. It is a beautiful thing to watch as we win elections and gather support from all over the country. As we get stronger, so does our country. Best numbers ever!
Democrats can fix their forced family breakup at the Border by working with Republicans on new legislation, for a change! This is why we need more Republicans elected in November. Democrats are good at only three things, High Taxes, High Crime and Obstruction. Sad!
Great discussions with European Union Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker and EU Council President Donald Tusk at the #G7Summit in Canada last week. https://t.co/kGxXe50459
The Fake News Media said that I did not get along with other Leaders at the #G7Summit in Canada. They are once again, WRONG! https://t.co/I6eEKEZV6z
I have a great relationship with Angela Merkel of Germany, but the Fake News Media only shows the bad photos (implying anger) of negotiating an agreement - where I am asking for things that no other American President would ask for! https://t.co/Ib97nN5HZt
I’ve had to beat 17 very talented people including the Bush Dynasty, then I had to beat the Clinton Dynasty, and now I have to beat a phony Witch Hunt and all of the dishonest people covered in the IG Report...and never forget the Fake News Media. It never ends!
Wow, what a tough sentence for Paul Manafort, who has represented Ronald Reagan, Bob Dole and many other top political people and campaigns. Didn’t know Manafort was the head of the Mob. What about Comey and Crooked Hillary and all of the others? Very unfair!
The Democrats are forcing the breakup of families at the Border with their horrible and cruel legislative agenda. Any Immigration Bill MUST HAVE full funding for the Wall, end Catch &amp; Release, Visa Lottery and Chain, and go to Merit Based Immigration. Go for it! WIN!
“Donald Trump was 100% right to fire James Comey.” Mark Levin
“Why in the world didn’t Barack Obama fire this guy (Comey)?” asks Mark Levin!
Wow, the highest rated (by far) morning show, @foxandfriends, is on the Front Lawn of the White House. Maybe I’ll have to take an unannounced trip down to see them?
U.S.A. Jobs numbers are the BEST in 44 years. If my opponent (the Democrats) had won the election, they would have raised taxes substantially and increased regulations - the economy, and jobs, would have been a disaster!
Thank you for all of the compliments on getting the World Cup to come to the U.S.A., Mexico and Canada. I worked hard on this, along with a Great Team of talented people. We never fail, and it will be a great World Cup! A special thanks to Bob Kraft for excellent advice.
The IG Report is a total disaster for Comey, his minions and sadly, the FBI. Comey will now officially go down as the worst leader, by far, in the history of the FBI. I did a great service to the people in firing him. Good Instincts. Christopher Wray will bring it proudly back!
FBI Agent Peter Strzok, who headed the Clinton &amp; Russia investigations, texted to his lover Lisa Page, in the IG Report, that “we’ll stop” candidate Trump from becoming President. Doesn’t get any lower than that!
Happy #FlagDay???? https://t.co/KEUMfnoHIv
Happy 243rd Birthday to the @USArmy! Thank you for your bravery, sacrifices, and dedication to the U.S.A. We love you! https://t.co/XlQYstu3Vo
....Schneiderman, who ran the Clinton campaign in New York, never had the guts to bring this ridiculous case, which lingered in their office for almost 2 years. Now he resigned his office in disgrace, and his disciples brought it when we would not settle.
The sleazy New York Democrats, and their now disgraced (and run out of town) A.G. Eric Schneiderman, are doing everything they can to sue me on a foundation that took in $18,800,000 and gave out to charity more money than it took in, $19,200,000. I won’t settle this case!...
So, the Democrats make up a phony crime, Collusion with the Russians, pay a fortune to make the crime sound real, illegally leak (Comey) classified information so that a Special Councel will be appointed, and then Collude to make this pile of garbage take on life in Fake News!
Now that I am back from Singapore, where we had a great result with respect to North Korea, the thought process must sadly go back to the Witch Hunt, always remembering that there was No Collusion and No Obstruction of the fabricated No Crime.
The Republican Party is starting to show very big numbers. People are starting to see what is being done. Results are speaking loudly. North Korea and our greatest ever economy are leading the way!
Congratulations to @KevinCramer on his huge win in North Dakota. We need Kevin in the Senate, and I strongly endorse him. Heidi voted NO on our Tax Cuts, and always will vote no when we need her. Kevin is strong on Crime &amp; Borders, big on Cutting Taxes!
Congratulations to Danny Tarkanian on his big GOP primary win in Nevada. Danny worked hard an got a great result. Looking good in November!
Senator Claire McCaskill of the GREAT State of Missouri flew around in a luxurious private jet during her RV tour of the state. RV’s are not for her. People are really upset, so phony! Josh Hawley should win big, and has my full endorsement.
So funny to watch the Fake News, especially NBC and CNN. They are fighting hard to downplay the deal with North Korea. 500 days ago they would have “begged” for this deal-looked like war would break out. Our Country’s biggest enemy is the Fake News so easily promulgated by fools!
Oil prices are too high, OPEC is at it again. Not good!
The U.S., together with Mexico and Canada, just got the World Cup. Congratulations - a great deal of hard work!
We save a fortune by not doing war games, as long as we are negotiating in good faith - which both sides are!
Before taking office people were assuming that we were going to War with North Korea. President Obama said that North Korea was our biggest and most dangerous problem. No longer - sleep well tonight!
Just landed - a long trip, but everybody can now feel much safer than the day I took office. There is no longer a Nuclear Threat from North Korea. Meeting with Kim Jong Un was an interesting and very positive experience. North Korea has great potential for the future!
Congratulations to Corey Stewart for his great victory for Senator from Virginia. Now he runs against a total stiff, Tim Kaine, who is weak on crime and borders, and wants to raise your taxes through the roof. Don’t underestimate Corey, a major chance of winning!
...realize the economy is the best it’s ever been with employment being at an all time high, and many companies pouring back into our country. Wake up Punchy!
Robert De Niro, a very Low IQ individual, has received too many shots to the head by real boxers in movies. I watched him last night and truly believe he may be “punch-drunk.” I guess he doesn’t...
My political representatives didn’t want me to get involved in the Mark Sanford primary thinking that Sanford would easily win - but with a few hours left I felt that Katie was such a good candidate, and Sanford was so bad, I had to give it a shot. Congrats to Katie Arrington!
A year ago the pundits &amp; talking heads, people that couldn’t do the job before, were begging for conciliation and peace - “please meet, don’t go to war.” Now that we meet and have a great relationship with Kim Jong Un, the same haters shout out, “you shouldn’t meet, do not meet!”
The World has taken a big step back from potential Nuclear catastrophe! No more rocket launches, nuclear testing or research! The hostages are back home with their families. Thank you to Chairman Kim, our day together was historic!
I want to thank Chairman Kim for taking the first bold step toward a bright new future for his people. Our unprecedented meeting – the first between an American President and a leader of North Korea – proves that real change is possible! https://t.co/yF3iwD23YQ
There is no limit to what NoKo can achieve when it gives up its nuclear weapons and embraces commerce &amp; engagement w/ the world. Chairman Kim has before him the opportunity to be remembered as the leader who ushered in a glorious new era of security &amp; prosperity for his citizens! https://t.co/Xbup4Zyz33
It's time for another #MAGA rally. Join me in Duluth, Minnesota on Wednesday, June 20th at 6:30pm!Tickets?https://t.co/mhhJB9erdd https://t.co/T6eXenoSxT
Here is the video, “A Story of Opportunity” that I shared with Kim Jong-un at the #SingaporeSummit??https://t.co/43oOci4jvo https://t.co/xBKFkDLtj7
...realize the economy is the best it’s ever been with employment being at an all time high, and many companies pouring back into our country. Wake up Punchy!
Robert De Niro, a very Low IQ individual, has received to many shots to the head by real boxers in movies. I watched him last night and truly believe he may be “punch-drunk.” I guess he doesn’t...
...Got along great with Kim Jong-un who wants to see wonderful things for his country. As I said earlier today: Anyone can make war, but only the most courageous can make peace! #SingaporeSummit
Heading back home from Singapore after a truly amazing visit. Great progress was made on the denuclearization of North Korea. Hostages are back home, will be getting the remains of our great heroes back to their families, no missiles shot, no research happening, sites closing...
Mark Sanford has been very unhelpful to me in my campaign to MAGA. He is MIA and nothing but trouble. He is better off in Argentina. I fully endorse Katie Arrington for Congress in SC, a state I love. She is tough on crime and will continue our fight to lower taxes. VOTE Katie!
I strongly endorse Adam Laxalt for Governor of Nevada. Adam is smart, works hard, and knows how to win. He will be a great Governor. Also, will fight hard to lower your taxes and is tough on crime!
https://t.co/tJG3KIn2q0
Our Great Larry Kudlow, who has been working so hard on trade and the economy, has just suffered a heart attack. He is now in Walter Reed Medical Center.
Just won big Supreme Court decision on Voting! Great News!
The fact that I am having a meeting is a major loss for the U.S., say the haters &amp; losers. We have our hostages, testing, research and all missle launches have stoped, and these pundits, who have called me wrong from the beginning, have nothing else they can say! We will be fine!
Stock Market up almost 40% since the Election, with 7 Trillion Dollars of U.S. value built throughout the economy. Lowest unemployment rate in many decades, with Black &amp; Hispanic unemployment lowest in History, and Female unemployment lowest in 21 years. Highest confidence ever!
Meetings between staffs and representatives are going well and quickly....but in the end, that doesn’t matter. We will all know soon whether or not a real deal, unlike those of the past, can happen!
Thank you Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong! https://t.co/8MMYGuOj8Q
Sorry, we cannot let our friends, or enemies, take advantage of us on Trade anymore. We must put the American worker first!
Great to be in Singapore, excitement in the air!
....Germany pays 1% (slowly) of GDP towards NATO, while we pay 4% of a MUCH larger GDP. Does anybody believe that makes sense? We protect Europe (which is good) at great financial loss, and then get unfairly clobbered on Trade. Change is coming!
....And add to that the fact that the U.S. pays close to the entire cost of NATO-protecting many of these same countries that rip us off on Trade (they pay only a fraction of the cost-and laugh!). The European Union had a $151 Billion Surplus-should pay much more for Military!
Why should I, as President of the United States, allow countries to continue to make Massive Trade Surpluses, as they have for decades, while our Farmers, Workers &amp; Taxpayers have such a big and unfair price to pay? Not fair to the PEOPLE of America! $800 Billion Trade Deficit...
Fair Trade is now to be called Fool Trade if it is not Reciprocal. According to a Canada release, they make almost 100 Billion Dollars in Trade with U.S. (guess they were bragging and got caught!). Minimum is 17B. Tax Dairy from us at 270%. Then Justin acts hurt when called out!
PM Justin Trudeau of Canada acted so meek and mild during our @G7 meetings only to give a news conference after I left saying that, “US Tariffs were kind of insulting” and he “will not be pushed around.” Very dishonest &amp; weak. Our Tariffs are in response to his of 270% on dairy!
Based on Justin’s false statements at his news conference, and the fact that Canada is charging massive Tariffs to our U.S. farmers, workers and companies, I have instructed our U.S. Reps not to endorse the Communique as we look at Tariffs on automobiles flooding the U.S. Market!
…Create peace and great prosperity for his land. I look forward to meeting him and have a feeling that this one-time opportunity will not be wasted!
I am on my way to Singapore where we have a chance to achieve a truly wonderful result for North Korea and the World. It will certainly be an exciting day and I know that Kim Jong-un will work very hard to do something that has rarely been done before...
The United States will not allow other countries to impose massive Tariffs and Trade Barriers on its farmers, workers and companies. While sending their product into our country tax free. We have put up with Trade Abuse for many decades — and that is long enough.
...U.S.A. Trade. They fully understand where I am coming from. After many decades, fair and reciprocal Trade will happen!
Just left the @G7 Summit in beautiful Canada. Great meetings and relationships with the six Country Leaders especially since they know I cannot allow them to apply large Tariffs and strong barriers to...
Just met the new Prime Minister of Italy, @GiuseppeConteIT, a really great guy. He will be honored in Washington, at the @WhiteHouse, shortly. He will do a great job - the people of Italy got it right!
Henry McMaster loves the people of South Carolina and was with me from the beginning. He is strong on Crime and Borders, great for our Military and our Vets. He is doing a fantastic job as your Governor, and has my full endorsement, a special guy. Vote on Tuesday!
.@G7 Press Briefing in Charlevoix, Canada, prior to departing for Singapore! https://t.co/75y1SXuwuU
My thoughts and prayers are with the families of our serviceman who was killed and his fellow servicemen who were wounded in Somalia. They are truly all HEROES.
My thoughts and prayers are with the families of our serviceman who was killed and his fellow servicemen who were wounded in Somolia. They are truly all HEROES.
I am heading for Canada and the G-7 for talks that will mostly center on the long time unfair trade practiced against the United States. From there I go to Singapore and talks with North Korea on Denuclearization. Won’t be talking about the Russian Witch Hunt Hoax for a while!
Congratulations to the Washington Capitals on their GREAT play and winning the Stanley Cup Championship. Alex Ovechkin, the team captain, was spectacular - a true Superstar! D.C. is popping, in many ways. What a time!
Looking forward to straightening out unfair Trade Deals with the G-7 countries. If it doesn’t happen, we come out even better!
Canada charges the U.S. a 270%  tariff on Dairy Products! They didn’t tell you that, did they? Not fair to our farmers!
Obama, Schumer and Pelosi did NOTHING about North Korea, and now weak on Crime, High Tax Schumer is telling me what to do at the Summit the Dems could never set up. Schumer failed with North Korea and Iran, we don’t need his advice!
Why isn’t the European Union and Canada informing the public that for years they have used massive Trade Tariffs and non-monetary Trade Barriers against the U.S. Totally unfair to our farmers, workers &amp; companies. Take down your tariffs &amp; barriers or we will more than match you!
Prime Minister Trudeau is being so indignant, bringing up the relationship that the U.S. and Canada had over the many years and all sorts of other things...but he doesn’t bring up the fact that they charge us up to 300% on dairy — hurting our Farmers, killing our Agriculture!
Please tell Prime Minister Trudeau and President Macron that they are charging the U.S. massive tariffs and create non-monetary barriers. The EU trade surplus with the U.S. is $151 Billion, and Canada keeps our farmers and others out. Look forward to seeing them tomorrow.
Great day of meetings with Prime Minister @AbeShinzo of Japan! https://t.co/uKcdA8RxoN
PM Abe and I are also working to improve the trading relationship between the U.S. and Japan, something we have to do. The U.S. seeks a bilateral deal with Japan that is based on the principle of fairness and reciprocity. We’re working hard to reduce our trade imbalance... https://t.co/pnqEHoplk0
Today, I am greatly honored to welcome my good friend, PM Abe of Japan to the @WhiteHouse. Over the past 16 months the Prime Minister and I have worked closely together to address common challenges, of which there are many... https://t.co/sNlmdd6fgm
It’s my great honor to welcome Prime Minister @AbeShinzo back to the @WhiteHouse!???????? https://t.co/6yCxud2jAN
“$3 billion payoff: 101 utilities cut rates, credit GOP tax cuts” https://t.co/x1a1OJuRgd
“Total jobless claims running at lowest level in 44 years” https://t.co/La9irHMTXM
“Total jobless claims running at lowest level in 44 years” https://t.co/La9irHMTXM?
MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! https://t.co/KppRUU5OZ3
The Obama Administration is now accused of trying to give Iran secret access to the financial system of the United States. This is totally illegal. Perhaps we could get the 13 Angry Democrats to divert some of their energy to this “matter” (as Comey would call it). Investigate!
When will people start saying, “thank you, Mr. President, for firing James Comey?”
Our Justice Department must not let Awan &amp; Debbie Wasserman Schultz off the hook. The Democrat I.T. scandal is a key to much of the corruption we see today. They want to make a “plea deal” to hide what is on their Server. Where is Server? Really bad!
Looking forward to seeing my friend Prime Minister @AbeShinzo of Japan at noon. Will be discussing North Korea and Trade.
How could Jeff Flake, who is setting record low polling numbers in Arizona and was therefore humiliatingly forced out of his own Senate seat without even a fight (and who doesn’t have a clue), think about running for office, even a lower one, again? Let’s face it, he’s a Flake!
When and where will all of the many conflicts of interest be listed by the 13 Angry Democrats (plus) working on the Witch Hunt Hoax. There has never been a group of people on a case so biased or conflicted. It is all a Democrat Excuse for LOSING the Election. Where is the server?
Alan Dershowitz, Harvard Law Professor: “It all proves that we never needed a Special Counsel....All of this could have been done by the Justice Dept. Don’t need a multi-million dollar group of people with a target on someone’s back. Not the way Justice should operate.” So true!
Alan Dershowitz, Harvard Law Professor: “It all proves that we never needed a Special Councel....All of this could have been done by the Justice Dept. Don’t need a multi-million dollar group of people with a target on someone’s back. Not the way Justice should operate.” So true!
Good luck to Alice Johnson. Have a wonderful life!
Isn’t it Ironic? Getting ready to go to the G-7 in Canada to fight for our country on Trade (we have the worst trade deals ever made), then off to Singapore to meet with North Korea &amp; the Nuclear Problem...But back home we still have the 13 Angry Democrats pushing the Witch Hunt!
Thank you to everyone at @FEMA HQ for today’s briefing on preparations for the upcoming hurricane season. Disaster response and recovery is best achieved when it’s federally supported, state managed, and locally executed – this is the successful model we will continue to build. https://t.co/xpm7IRiZwn
We must always protect those who protect us. Today, it was my great honor to sign the #VAMissionAct and to make Veterans Choice the permanent law of the land! https://t.co/VV3GdDISbD https://t.co/4OsUDWIzwo
Today we mark another milestone: the 74th anniversary of #DDay, the Allied invasion of Normandy. On June 6, 1944, more than 70,000 brave young Americans charged out of landing craft, jumped out of airplanes, and stormed into hell... https://t.co/zV8pqoVG9h
Congratulations to Dana Rohrabacher on his big California win. We are proud of you Dana!
Many more Republican voters showed up yesterday than the Fake News thought possible. The political pundits just don’t get what is going on out there - or they do get it but refuse to report the facts! Remember, Dems are High Tax, High Crime, easy to beat!
...Four reporters spotted Melania in the White House last week walking merrily along to a meeting. They never reported the sighting because it would hurt the sick narrative that she was living in a different part of the world, was really ill, or whatever. Fake News is really bad!
The Fake News Media has been so unfair, and vicious, to my wife and our great First Lady, Melania. During her recovery from surgery they reported everything from near death, to facelift, to left the W.H. (and me) for N.Y. or Virginia, to abuse. All Fake, she is doing really well!
Gold Star father, Ceejay Metcalf, whose great son Michael was just honored at the White House, was fantastic this morning on @foxandfriends. He is a special man!
Great night for Republicans! Congratulations to John Cox on a really big number in California. He can win. Even Fake News CNN said the Trump impact was really big, much bigger than they ever thought possible. So much for the big Blue Wave, it may be a big Red Wave. Working hard!
Mitch McConnell announced he will cancel the Senate’s August Recess. Great, maybe the Democrats will finally get something done other than their acceptance of High Crime and High Taxes. We need Border Security!
....The greatest Witch Hunt in political history!
...This is a level of criminality beyond the pale. This is such a grave abuse of power and authority, it’s like nothing else we’ve seen in our history. This makes the Nixon Watergate burglary look like keystone cop stuff
Chris Farrell, Judicial Watch. “They were running an operation to undermine a candidate for President of the U.S. These are all violations of law. This is intelligence tradecraft to steer an election. There’s nothing more grave when it comes to abuse of our intelligence system...
Great interview by @LouDobbs with Chris Farrell of Judicial Watch concerning the governments counter-intelligence operation into the Trump Campaign. SPYGATE at the highest level. Who would believe?
Wow, Strzok-Page, the incompetent &amp; corrupt FBI lovers, have texts referring to a counter-intelligence operation into the Trump Campaign dating way back to December, 2015. SPYGATE is in full force! Is the Mainstream Media interested yet? Big stuff!
https://t.co/4OjDqTMEIx
Imagine how much wasteful spending we’d save if we didn’t have Chuck and Nancy standing in our way! For years, Democrats in Congress have depleted our military and busted our budgets on needless spending, and to what end? No more.
The HISTORIC Rescissions Package we’ve proposed would cut $15,000,000,000 in Wasteful Spending! We are getting our government back on track.
Terrific new book out by the wonderful Harris Faulkner, “9 Rules of Engagement.” Harris shares lessons from a military family. Enjoy!
Senator @RogerWicker of Mississippi has done everything necessary to Make America Great Again! Get out and vote for Roger, he has my total support!
Vote for Congressman Devin Nunes, a true American Patriot the likes of which we rarely see in our modern day world....he truly loves our country and deserves everyone’s support!
Get the vote out in California today for Rep. Kevin McCarthy and all of the great GOP candidates for Congress. Keep our country out of the hands of High Tax, High Crime Nancy Pelosi.
In High Tax, High Crime California, be sure to get out and vote for Republican John Cox for Governor. He will make a BIG difference!
Separating families at the Border is the fault of bad legislation passed by the Democrats. Border Security laws should be changed but the Dems can’t get their act together! Started the Wall.
....@NASCAR and Champion @MartinTruex_Jr were recently at the White House. It was a great day for a great sport!
Meeting in Singapore with North Korea will hopefully be the start of something big...we will soon see!
The Russian Witch Hunt Hoax continues, all because Jeff Sessions didn’t tell me he was going to recuse himself...I would have quickly picked someone else. So much time and money wasted, so many lives ruined...and Sessions knew better than most that there was No Collusion!
We have had many Championship teams recently at the White House including the Chicago Cubs, Houston Astros, Pittsburgh Penguins, New England Patriots, Alabama and Clemson National Champions, and many others. National Anthem &amp; more great music today at 3:00 P.M.
We will proudly be playing the National Anthem and other wonderful music celebrating our Country today at 3 P.M., The White House, with the United States Marine Band and the United States Army Chorus. Honoring America! NFL, no escaping to Locker Rooms!
The U.S. has an increased economic value of more than 7 Trillion Dollars since the Election. May be the best economy in the history of our country. Record Jobs numbers. Nice!
What is taking so long with the Inspector General’s Report on Crooked Hillary and Slippery James Comey. Numerous delays. Hope Report is not being changed and made weaker! There are so many horrible things to tell, the public has the right to know. Transparency!
The Philadelphia Eagles Football Team was invited to the White House. Unfortunately, only a small number of players decided to come, and we canceled the event. Staying in the Locker Room for the playing of our National Anthem is as disrespectful to our country as kneeling. Sorry!
Big Supreme Court ruling for Baker just out!
In many ways this is the greatest economy in the HISTORY of America and the best time EVER to look for a job!
The Fake News Media is desperate to distract from the economy and record setting economic numbers and so they keep talking about the phony Russian Witch Hunt.
#500Days of American Greatness: https://t.co/qQEEPqmaax https://t.co/1VCeoTk1cI
The appointment of the Special Counsel is totally UNCONSTITUTIONAL! Despite that, we play the game because I, unlike the Democrats, have done nothing wrong!
Farmers have not been doing well for 15 years. Mexico, Canada, China and others have treated them unfairly. By the time I finish trade talks, that will change. Big trade barriers against U.S. farmers, and other businesses, will finally be broken. Massive trade deficits no longer!
The appointment of the Special Councel is totally UNCONSTITUTIONAL! Despite that, we play the game because I, unlike the Democrats, have done nothing wrong!
The U.S. has made such bad trade deals over so many years that we can only WIN!
China already charges a tax of 16% on soybeans. Canada has all sorts of trade barriers on our Agricultural products. Not acceptable!
As has been stated by numerous legal scholars, I have the absolute right to PARDON myself, but why would I do that when I have done nothing wrong? In the meantime, the never ending Witch Hunt, led by 13 very Angry and Conflicted Democrats (&amp; others) continues into the mid-terms!
“This is the best time EVER to look for a job.” James Freeman of WSJ.
....We had Repeal &amp; Replace done (and the saving to our country of one trillion dollars) except for one person, but it is getting done anyway. Individual Mandate is gone and great, less expensive plans will be announced this month. Drug prices coming down &amp; Right to Try!
This is my 500th. Day in Office and we have accomplished a lot - many believe more than any President in his first 500 days. Massive Tax &amp; Regulation Cuts, Military &amp; Vets, Lower Crime &amp; Illegal Immigration, Stronger Borders, Judgeships, Best Economy &amp; Jobs EVER, and much more...
Mark Penn  “Why are there people from the Clinton Foundation on the Mueller Staff? Why is there an Independent Counsel? To go after people and their families for unrelated offenses...Constitution was set up to prevent this...Stormtrooper tactics almost.” A disgrace!
Mark Penn  “Why are there people from the Clinton Foundation on the Mueller Staff? Why is there an Independent Councel? To go after people and their families for unrelated offenses...Constitution was set up to prevent this...Stormtrooper tactics almost.” A disgrace!
....Paul Manafort came into the campaign very late and was with us for a short period of time (he represented Ronald Reagan, Bob Dole &amp; many others over the years), but we should have been told that Comey and the boys were doing a number on him, and he wouldn’t have been hired!
As only one of two people left who could become President, why wouldn’t the FBI or Department of “Justice” have told me that they were secretly investigating Paul Manafort (on charges that were 10 years old and had been previously dropped) during my campaign? Should have told me!
Jesse Watters “The only thing Trump obstructed was Hillary getting to the White House.”  So true!
When you’re almost 800 Billion Dollars a year down on Trade, you can’t lose a Trade War! The U.S. has been ripped off by other countries for years on Trade, time to get smart!
Why is it that the Wall Street Journal, though well meaning, never mentions the unfairness of the Tariffs routinely charged against the U.S. by other countries, or the many Billions of Dollars that the Tariffs we are now charging are, and will be, pouring into U.S. coffers?
The United States must, at long last, be treated fairly on Trade. If we charge a country ZERO to sell their goods, and they charge us 25, 50 or even 100 percent to sell ours, it is UNFAIR and can no longer be tolerated. That is not Free or Fair Trade, it is Stupid Trade!
There was No Collusion with Russia (except by the Democrats). When will this very expensive Witch Hunt Hoax ever end? So bad for our Country. Is the Special Counsel/Justice Department leaking my lawyers letters to the Fake News Media? Should be looking at Dems corruption instead?
There was No Collusion with Russia (except by the Democrats). When will this very expensive Witch Hunt Hoax ever end? So bad for our Country. Is the Special Councel/Justice Department leaking my lawyers letters to the Fake News Media? Should be looking at Dems corruption instead?
Real @FoxNews is doing great, Fake News CNN is dead! https://t.co/1p37tPiB3v
Very surprised that China would be doing this? https://t.co/D03kV07dF7
https://t.co/8lI2lomGkh
Now this is a record that will never be broken! https://t.co/rtpLfvsBU5
....“$17 million spent, it’s a scam Investigation. Americans are being worked. We now know there was Russian collusion, with Russians and the Democrats. The Mueller team is stacked with anti-Trumpers, who actually represented Clinton people (&amp; gave $’s to Crooked H).” Dan Bongino
“John Brennan, no single figure in American history has done more to discredit the intelligence community than this liar. Not only is he a liar, he’s a liar about being a liar.”  Dan Bongino on @foxandfriends
“John Brennan, no single figure in American history has done more to discredit the Intelligence community than this liar. He’s a liar about being a liar.”
“We ran out of words to describe how good the jobs numbers are.”  Neil Irwin of the @nytimes.
Today, it was my great honor to be with the brave men and women of the United States Coast Guard! https://t.co/RAyPbOGXuZ
Canada has treated our Agricultural business and Farmers very poorly for a very long period of time. Highly restrictive on Trade! They must open their markets and take down their trade barriers! They report a really high surplus on trade with us. Do Timber &amp; Lumber in U.S.?
Looking forward to seeing the employment numbers at 8:30 this morning.
Why aren’t they firing no talent Samantha Bee for the horrible language used on her low ratings show? A total double standard but that’s O.K., we are Winning, and will be doing so for a long time to come!
A.P. has just reported that the Russian Hoax Investigation has now cost our government over $17 million, and going up fast. No Collusion, except by the Democrats!
FAIR TRADE!
Will be giving a Full Pardon to Dinesh D’Souza today. He was treated very unfairly by our government!
Very good meetings with North Korea.
Not that it matters but I never fired James Comey because of Russia! The Corrupt Mainstream Media loves to keep pushing that narrative, but they know it is not true!
The corrupt Mainstream Media is working overtime not to mention the infiltration of people, Spies (Informants), into my campaign! Surveillance much?
Iger, where is my call of apology? You and ABC have offended millions of people, and they demand a response. How is Brian Ross doing? He tanked the market with an ABC lie, yet no apology. Double Standard!
RUSH LIMBAUGH  “If the FBI was so concerned, and if they weren’t targeting Trump, they should have told Trump. If they were really concerned about the Russians infiltrating a campaign (hoax), then why not try to stop it? Why not tell Trump? Because they were pushing this scam.”
“The recusal of Jeff Sessions was an unforced betrayal of the President of the United States.” JOE DIGENOVA, former U.S. Attorney.
The soon to be released book, “The Russia Hoax, The Illicit Scheme To Clear Hillary Clinton And Frame Donald Trump,” written by Gregg Jarrett, looks like a real deal big hit. The Phony Witch Hunt will be opened up for the world to see! Out in 5 weeks.
Very importantly, @RepDanDonovan will win for the Republicans in November...and his opponent will not. Remember Alabama. We can’t take any chances on losing to a Nancy Pelosi controlled Democrat!
There is no one better to represent the people of N.Y. and Staten Island (a place I know very well) than @RepDanDonovan, who is strong on Borders &amp; Crime, loves our Military &amp; our Vets, voted for Tax Cuts and is helping me to Make America Great Again. Dan has my full endorsement!
Great meeting with @KimKardashian today, talked about prison reform and sentencing. https://t.co/uOy4UJ41JF
Moments ago, it was my great honor to sign #RightToTry into law! https://t.co/mtPiHsBc1H https://t.co/hFtpyJlV4h
With the #RightToTry Law I signed today, patients with life threatening illnesses will finally have access to experimental treatments that could improve or even cure their conditions. These are experimental treatments and products that have shown great promise... https://t.co/FIUwhpUpoL
Today I am proud to keep another promise to the American people as I sign the #RightToTry Legislation into law. https://t.co/VD8CN5YfIo
Bob Iger of ABC called Valerie Jarrett to let her know that “ABC does not tolerate comments like those” made by Roseanne Barr. Gee, he never called President Donald J. Trump to apologize for the HORRIBLE statements made and said about me on ABC. Maybe I just didn’t get the call?
The Failing and Corrupt @nytimes estimated the crowd last night at “1000 people,” when in fact it was many times that number - and the arena was rockin’. This is the way they demean and disparage. They are very dishonest people who don’t “get” me, and never did!
....There are lots of really good lawyers in the country, he could have picked somebody else!” And I wish I did!
....chief law enforcement officer, and they told me later, ‘oh by the way I’m not going to be able to participate in the most important case in the office, I would be frustrated too...and that’s how I read that - Senator Sessions, why didn’t you tell me before I picked you.....
Rep.Trey Gowdy, “I don’t think so, I think what the President is doing is expressing frustration that Attorney General Sessions should have shared these reasons for recusal before he took the job, not afterward. If I were the President and I picked someone to be the country’s....
The Fake Mainstream Media has, from the time I announced I was running for President, run the most highly sophisticated &amp; dishonest Disinformation Campaign in the history of politics. No matter how well WE do, they find fault. But the forgotten men &amp; women WON, I’m President!
Sorry, I’ve got to start focusing my energy on North Korea Nuclear, bad Trade Deals, VA Choice, the Economy, rebuilding the Military, and so much more, and not on the Rigged Russia Witch Hunt that should be investigating Clinton/Russia/FBI/Justice/Obama/Comey/Lynch etc.
Why aren’t the 13 Angry and heavily conflicted Democrats investigating the totally Crooked Campaign of totally Crooked Hillary Clinton. It’s a Rigged Witch Hunt, that’s why! Ask them if they enjoyed her after election celebration!
The 13 Angry Democrats (plus people who worked 8 years for Obama) working on the rigged Russia Witch Hunt, will be MEDDLING with the mid-term elections, especially now that Republicans (stay tough!) are taking the lead in Polls. There was no Collusion, except by the Democrats!
“This investigation involved far more surveillance than we ever had any idea about. It wasn’t just a wiretap against a campaign aide...it was secretly gathering information on the Trump Campaign...people call that Spying...this is unprecedented and  scandalous.” Mollie Hemingway
We have put a great team together for our talks with North Korea. Meetings are currently taking place concerning Summit, and more. Kim Young Chol, the Vice Chairman of North Korea, heading now to New York. Solid response to my letter, thank you!
Democrats mistakenly tweet 2014 pictures from Obama’s term showing children from the Border in steel cages. They thought it was recent pictures in order to make us look bad, but backfires. Dems must agree to Wall and new Border Protection for good of country...Bipartisan Bill!
California has a rare opportunity to turn things around and solve its high crime, high tax, problems - along with so many others. On June 5th., vote for GOP Gubernatorial Candidate JOHN COX, a really good and highly competent man. He’ll Make California Great Again!
A Democratic lawmaker just introduced a bill to Repeal the GOP Tax Cuts (no chance). This is too good to be true for Republicans...Remember, the Nancy Pelosi Dems are also weak on Crime, the Border and want to be gentle and kind to MS-13 gang members...not good!
Our fallen heroes have not only written our history they have shaped our destiny. They saved the lives of the men and women with whom they served. They cared for their families more than anything in the world, they loved their families. They inspired their communities... https://t.co/Q9cOcQeEDc
The heroes who rest in these hallowed fields, in cemeteries, battlefields, and burial grounds near and far are drawn the full tapestry of American life. They came from every generation from towering cities and wind swept prairies, from privilege and from poverty... https://t.co/aOw3QwN2SV
Thank you for joining us on this solemn day of remembrance. We are gathered here on the sacred soil of @ArlingtonNatl Cemetery to honor the lives and deeds of America's greatest heroes, the men and women who laid down their lives for our freedom. #MemorialDay https://t.co/YSYAHf7bNu
“We now find out that the Obama Administration put the opposing campaigns presidential candidate, or his campaign, under investigation. That raises legitimate questions. I just find this really odd...this goes to the heart of our electoral system.” Jonathan Turley on @FoxNews
“Sally Yates is part of concerns people have raised about bias in the Justice Dept. I find her actions to be really quite unbelievable.” Jonathan Turley
“The President deserves some answers.” @FoxNews in discussing “SPYGATE.”
Happy Memorial Day! Those who died for our great country would be very happy and proud at how well our country is doing today. Best economy in decades, lowest unemployment numbers for Blacks and Hispanics EVER (&amp; women in 18years), rebuilding our Military and so much more. Nice!
#MemorialDay???? https://t.co/Iohcuhi4dQ
Why didn’t President Obama do something about the so-called Russian Meddling when he was told about it by the FBI before the Election? Because he thought Crooked Hillary was going to win, and he didn’t want to upset the apple cart! He was in charge, not me, and did nothing.
Our United States team has arrived in North Korea to make arrangements for the Summit between Kim Jong Un and myself. I truly believe North Korea has brilliant potential and will be a great economic and financial Nation one day. Kim Jong Un agrees with me on this. It will happen!
Why didn’t the 13 Angry Democrats investigate the campaign of Crooked Hillary Clinton, many crimes, much Collusion with Russia? Why didn’t the FBI take the Server from the DNC?  Rigged Investigation!
Fantastic to have 400,000 GREAT MEN &amp; WOMEN of Rolling Thunder in D.C. showing their patriotism. They love our Country, they love our Flag, they stand for our National Anthem! Thanks to Executive Director Artie Muller.
Who’s going to give back the young and beautiful lives (and others) that have been devastated and destroyed by the phony Russia Collusion Witch Hunt? They journeyed down to Washington, D.C., with stars in their eyes and wanting to help our nation...They went back home in tatters!
WELCOME HOME JOSH! https://t.co/2X0cKE4stx
When will the 13 Angry Democrats (&amp; those who worked for President O), reveal their disqualifying Conflicts of Interest? It’s been a long time now! Will they be indelibly written into the Report along with the fact that the only Collusion is with the Dems, Justice, FBI &amp; Russia?
This whole Russia Probe is Rigged. Just an excuse as to why the Dems and Crooked Hillary lost the Election and States that haven’t been lost in decades. 13 Angry Democrats, and all Dems if you include the people who worked for Obama for 8 years. #SPYGATE &amp; CONFLICTS OF INTEREST!
With Spies, or “Informants” as the Democrats like to call them because it sounds less sinister (but it’s not), all over my campaign, even from a very early date, why didn’t the crooked highest levels of the FBI or “Justice” contact me to tell me of the  phony Russia problem?
The Failing @nytimes quotes “a senior White House official,” who doesn’t exist, as saying “even if the meeting were reinstated, holding it on June 12 would be impossible, given the lack of time and the amount of planning needed.” WRONG AGAIN! Use real people, not phony sources.
Unlike what the Failing and Corrupt New York Times would like people to believe, there is ZERO disagreement within the Trump Administration as to  how to deal with North Korea...and if there was, it wouldn’t matter. The @nytimes has called me wrong right from the beginning!
Thanks to very brave Teacher &amp; Hero Jason Seaman of Noblesville, Indiana, for his heroic act in saving so many precious young lives. His quick and automatic action is being talked about all over the world!
Looking forward to seeing Joshua Holt this evening in the White House. The great people of Utah are Celebrating!
Put pressure on the Democrats to end the horrible law that separates children from there parents once they cross the Border into the U.S. Catch and Release, Lottery and Chain must also go with it and we MUST continue building the WALL! DEMOCRATS ARE PROTECTING MS-13 THUGS.
Good news about the release of the American hostage from Venezuela. Should be landing in D.C. this evening and be in the White House, with his family, at about 7:00 P.M. The great people of Utah will be very happy!
We are having very productive talks with North Korea about reinstating the Summit which, if it does happen, will likely remain in Singapore on the same date, June 12th., and, if necessary, will be extended beyond that date.
...but complain and obstruct. They made only bad deals (Iran) and their so-called Trade Deals are the laughing stock of the world!
Senator Schumer and Obama Administration let phone company ZTE flourish with no security checks. I closed it down then let it reopen with high level security guarantees, change of management and board, must purchase U.S. parts and pay a $1.3 Billion fine. Dems do nothing....
Funny to watch the Democrats criticize Trade Deals being negotiated by me when they don’t even know what the deals are and when for 8 years the Obama Administration did NOTHING on trade except let other countries rip off the United States. Lost almost $800 Billion/year under “O”
Chicago Police have every right to legally protest against the mayor and an administration that just won’t let them do their job. The killings are at a record pace and tough police work, which Chicago will not allow, would bring things back to order fast...the killings must stop!
To the @NavalAcademy Class of 2018, I say: We know you are up to the task. We know you will make us proud. We know that glory will be yours. Because you are WINNERS, you are WARRIORS, you are FIGHTERS, you are CHAMPIONS, and YOU will lead us to VICTORY! God Bless the U.S.A.! https://t.co/V9TgEo8MY4
On behalf of the American People, CONGRATULATIONS! We love you! https://t.co/YRlj0vRXwk
Today, it was my great honor to deliver the 2018 Commencement Address at the United States @NavalAcademy in Annapolis, Maryland. Congratulations!Good luck. Godspeed. And ANCHORS AWEIGH! https://t.co/aoLBK7y16a
Very good news to receive the warm and productive statement from North Korea. We will soon see where it will lead, hopefully to long and enduring prosperity and peace. Only time (and talent) will tell!
Democrats are so obviously rooting against us in our negotiations with North Korea. Just like they are coming to the defense of MS 13 thugs, saying that they are individuals &amp; must be nurtured, or asking to end your big Tax Cuts &amp; raise your taxes instead. Dems have lost touch!
“Everyone knows there was a Spy, and in fact the people who were involved in the Spying are admitting that there was a Spy...Widespread Spying involving multiple people.” Mollie Hemingway, The Federalist Senior Editor  But the corrupt Mainstream Media hates this monster story!
Can anyone even imagine having Spies placed in a competing campaign, by the people and party in absolute power, for the sole purpose of political advantage and gain? And to think that the party in question, even with the expenditure of far more money, LOST!
The Democrats are now alluding to the the concept that having an Informant placed in an opposing party’s campaign is different than having a Spy, as illegal as that may be. But what about an “Informant” who is paid a fortune and who “sets up” way earlier than the Russian Hoax?
I will be making the Commencment Address today at the United States Naval Academy in Annapolis, Maryland. Look forward to being with some of the greatest people on earth!
Today, it was my great honor to present the #MedalOfHonor to @USNavy (SEAL) Master Chief Special Warfare Operator Britt Slabinski in the East Room of the @WhiteHouse. Full ceremony: https://t.co/2UldFozRh1 https://t.co/R3ACmkWsqJ
Today, it was my honor to sign #S2155, the "Economic Growth, Regulatory Relief, and Consumer Protection Act.” Read more: https://t.co/sYZ4PzzxxW https://t.co/gi0qGe6ukX
I have decided to terminate the planned Summit in Singapore on June 12th. While many things can happen and a great opportunity lies ahead potentially, I believe that this is a tremendous setback for North Korea and indeed a setback for the world... https://t.co/jT0GfxT0Lc
It was my great honor to host a roundtable re: MS-13 yesterday in Bethpage, New York. Democrats must abandon their resistance to border security so that we can SUPPORT law enforcement and SAVE innocent lives! https://t.co/pxe9Z4efyZ
Sadly, I was forced to cancel the Summit Meeting in Singapore with Kim Jong Un. https://t.co/rLwXxBxFKx
Sadly, I was forced to cancel the Summit Meeting in Singapore with Kim Jung Un. https://t.co/qEoi9ymUEz
Not surprisingly, the GREAT Men &amp; Women of the FBI are starting to speak out against Comey, McCabe and all of the political corruption and poor leadership found within the top ranks of the FBI. Comey was a terrible and corrupt leader who inflicted great pain on the FBI! #SPYGATE
Clapper has now admitted that there was Spying in my campaign. Large dollars were paid to the Spy, far beyond normal. Starting to look like one of the biggest political scandals in U.S. history. SPYGATE - a terrible thing!
Will be interviewed on @foxandfriends tomorrow morning at 6:00 A.M. Enjoy!
Great to be in New York for the day. Heading back to the @WhiteHouse now, lots of work to be done! https://t.co/w3LUiQ8SWh
Thank you to all of the incredible law enforcement officers and firefighters in Bethpage, New York. Keep up the great work! https://t.co/SMaZ8Hfas4
Crippling loopholes in our laws have enabled MS-13 gang members and other criminals to infiltrate our communities - and Democrats in Congress REFUSE to close these loopholes, including the disgraceful practice known as Catch-and-Release. Democrats must abandon their resistance... https://t.co/VkMCIzwt8v
Today on Long Island, we were all moved to be joined by families who have suffered unthinkable heartbreak at the hands of MS-13. I was truly honored to be joined again by the courageous families who were my guests at the State of the Union... https://t.co/Gs0CGJYqXU
Thank you @SBAList! #SBAGala https://t.co/mPKwukX08o
WITCH HUNT!
There will be big news coming soon for our great American Autoworkers. After many decades of losing your jobs to other countries, you have waited long enough!
Big legislation will be signed by me shortly. After many years, RIGHT TO TRY and big changes to DODD FRANK.
Our Trade Deal with China is moving along nicely, but in the end we will probably have to use a different structure in that this will be too hard to get done and to verify results after completion.
“Trump should be happy that the FBI was SPYING on his campaign” No, James Clapper, I am not happy. Spying on a campaign would be illegal, and a scandal to boot!
Everybody is with Tomi Lahren, a truly outstanding and respected young woman! @foxandfriends
SPYGATE could be one of the biggest political scandals in history!
“It’s clear that they had eyes and ears all over the Trump Campaign” Judge Andrew Napolitano
Look how things have turned around on the Criminal Deep State. They go after Phony Collusion with Russia, a made up Scam, and end up getting caught in a major SPY scandal the likes of which this country may never have seen before! What goes around, comes around!
@foxandfriends  “New Bombshell in the Obama Spying Scandal. Did other Agencies SPY on Trump Campaign?” Even Clapper, worlds dumbest former Intelligence Head, who has the problem of lying a lot, used the word SPY when describing the illegal activities!
If the person placed very early into my campaign wasn’t a SPY put there by the previous Administration for political purposes, how come such a seemingly massive amount of money was paid for services rendered - many times higher than normal...
...Follow the money! The spy was there early in the campaign and yet never reported Collusion with Russia, because there was no Collusion. He was only there to spy for political reasons and to help Crooked Hillary win - just like they did to Bernie Sanders, who got duped!
For the first time since Roe v. Wade, America has a Pro-Life President, a Pro-Life Vice President, a Pro-Life House of Representatives and 25 Pro-Life Republican State Capitals! https://t.co/EfF54tmetT
It was my honor to welcome @NASCAR Cup Series Champion @MartinTruex_Jr and his team to the @WhiteHouse yesterday! https://t.co/5cr2oybrnQ
Today, it was my great honor to welcome President Moon Jae-in of the Republic of Korea to the @WhiteHouse!???????? https://t.co/yvOxNiA1DM
.@AsaHutchinson, the great Governor of Arkansas, is in a primary tomorrow. He has done an incredible job with a focus on lower taxes, border security, and crime prevention. Asa loves our military and our veterans. I fully endorse Asa for Governor!
Under our potential deal with China, they will purchase from our Great American Farmers practically as much as our Farmers can produce.
The Wall Street Journal asks, “WHERE IN THE WORLD WAS BARACK OBAMA?”  A very good question!
...they then used to start an investigation about Trump. It is that simple. This guy is the genesis of this whole Debacle. This was a Political hit job, this was not an Intelligence Investigation. Brennan has disgraced himself, he’s worried about staying out of Jail.” Dan Bongino
....top of the FBI. Brennan started this entire debacle about President Trump. We now know that Brennan had detailed knowledge of the (phony) Dossier...he knows about the Dossier, he denies knowledge of the Dossier, he briefs the Gang of 8 on the Hill about the Dossier, which....
“John Brennan is panicking. He has disgraced himself, he has disgraced the Country, he has disgraced the entire Intelligence Community. He is the one man who is largely responsible for the destruction of American’s faith in the Intelligence Community and in some people at the....
China must continue to be strong &amp; tight on the Border of North Korea until a deal is made. The word is that recently the Border has become much more porous and more has been filtering in. I want this to happen, and North Korea to be VERY successful, but only after signing!
On China, Barriers and Tariffs to come down for first time.
China has agreed to buy massive amounts of ADDITIONAL Farm/Agricultural Products - would be one of the best things to happen to our farmers in many years!
I ask Senator Chuck Schumer, why didn’t President Obama &amp; the Democrats do something about Trade with China, including Theft of Intellectual Property etc.? They did NOTHING! With that being said, Chuck &amp; I have long agreed on this issue! Fair Trade, plus, with China will happen!
I hereby demand, and will do so officially tomorrow, that the Department of Justice look into whether or not the FBI/DOJ infiltrated or surveilled the Trump Campaign for Political Purposes - and if any such demands or requests were made by people within the Obama Administration!
The Witch Hunt finds no Collusion with Russia - so now they’re looking at the rest of the World. Oh’ great!
....and why hasn’t the Podesta brother been charged and arrested, like others, after being forced to close down his very large and successful firm? Is it because he is a VERY well connected Democrat working in the Swamp of Washington, D.C.?
What ever happened to the Server, at the center of so much Corruption, that the Democratic National Committee REFUSED to hand over to the hard charging (except in the case of Democrats) FBI? They broke into homes &amp; offices early in the morning, but were afraid to take the Server?
Now that the Witch Hunt has given up on Russia and is looking at the rest of the World, they should easily be able to take it into the Mid-Term Elections where they can put some hurt on the Republican Party. Don’t worry about Dems FISA Abuse, missing Emails or Fraudulent Dossier!
...in the Hillary Clinton Campaign where she deleted 33,000 Emails, got $145,000,000 while Secretary of State, paid McCabes wife $700,000 (and got off the FBI hook along with Terry M) and so much more. Republicans and real Americans should start getting tough on this Scam.
....At what point does this soon to be $20,000,000 Witch Hunt, composed of 13 Angry and Heavily Conflicted Democrats and two people who have worked for Obama for 8 years, STOP! They have found no Collussion with Russia, No Obstruction, but they aren’t looking at the corruption...
Things are really getting ridiculous. The Failing and Crooked (but not as Crooked as Hillary Clinton) @nytimes has done a long &amp; boring story indicating that the World’s most expensive Witch Hunt has found nothing on Russia &amp; me so now they are looking at the rest of the World!
If the FBI or DOJ was infiltrating a campaign for the benefit of another campaign, that is a really big deal. Only the release or review of documents that the House Intelligence Committee (also, Senate Judiciary) is asking for can give the conclusive answers. Drain the Swamp!
Great to have our incredible First Lady back home in the White House. Melania is feeling and doing really well. Thank you for all of your prayers and best wishes!
Great to have our incredible First Lady back home in the White House. Melanie is feeling and doing really well. Thank you for all of your prayers and best wishes!
Happy #ArmedForcesDay to our GREAT military men and women for their selfless service to our Nation! https://t.co/jbJvrkV1hH
America is blessed with extraordinary energy abundance, including more than 250 years worth of beautiful clean coal. We have ended the war on coal, and will continue to work to promote American energy dominance!
California finally deserves a great Governor, one who understands borders, crime and lowering taxes. John Cox is the man - he’ll be the best Governor you’ve ever had. I fully endorse John Cox for Governor and look forward to working with him to Make California Great Again!
Just met with UN Secretary-General António Guterres who is working hard to “Make the United Nations Great Again.” When the UN does more to solve conflicts around the world, it means the U.S. has less to do and we save money. @NikkiHaley is doing a fantastic job! https://t.co/pqUv6cyH2z
America is a Nation that believes in the power of redemption. America is a Nation that believes in second chances - and America is a Nation that believes that the best is always yet to come! #PrisonReform https://t.co/Yk5UJUYgHN
We grieve for the terrible loss of life, and send our support and love to everyone affected by this horrible attack in Texas. To the students, families, teachers and personnel at Santa Fe High School – we are with you in this tragic hour, and we will be with you forever... https://t.co/LtJ0D29Hsv
School shooting in Texas. Early reports not looking good. God bless all!
Reports are there was indeed at least one FBI representative implanted, for political purposes, into my campaign for president. It took place very early on, and long before the phony Russia Hoax became a “hot” Fake News story. If true - all time biggest political scandal!
Why isn’t disgraced FBI official Andrew McCabe being investigated for the $700,000 Crooked Hillary Democrats in Virginia, led by Clinton best friend Terry M (under FBI investigation that they killed) gave to McCabe’s wife in her run for office? Then dropped case on Clinton!
Fake News Media had me calling Immigrants, or Illegal Immigrants, “Animals.” Wrong! They were begrudgingly forced to withdraw their stories. I referred to MS 13 Gang Members as “Animals,” a big difference - and so true. Fake News got it purposely wrong, as usual!
“Apparently the DOJ put a Spy in the Trump Campaign. This has never been done before and by any means necessary, they are out to frame Donald Trump for crimes he didn’t commit.”  David Asman  @LouDobbs @GreggJarrett   Really bad stuff!
It was my great honor to visit with our HEROES last night at Walter Reed Medical Center. There is nobody like them! https://t.co/fG5W1SwIHK
Tomorrow, the House will vote on a strong Farm Bill, which includes work requirements. We must support our Nation’s great farmers!
Great talk with my friend President Mauricio Macri of Argentina this week. He is doing such a good job for Argentina. I support his vision for transforming his country’s economy and unleashing its potential!
Talking trade with the Vice Premier of the People’s Republic of China, Liu He. https://t.co/9T7Iq6F3Xe
Congratulations to our new CIA Director, Gina Haspel! https://t.co/n1xj9LSV9D
Congrats to the House for passing the VA MISSION Act yesterday. Without this funding our veterans will be forced to stand in never ending lines in order to receive care. Putting politics over our veterans care is UNACCEPTABLE – Senate must vote yes on this bill by Memorial Day!
Despite the disgusting, illegal and unwarranted Witch Hunt, we have had the most successful first 17 month Administration in U.S. history - by far! Sorry to the Fake News Media and “Haters,” but that’s the way it is!
Wow, word seems to be coming out that the Obama FBI “SPIED ON THE TRUMP CAMPAIGN WITH AN EMBEDDED INFORMANT.” Andrew McCarthy says, “There’s probably no doubt that they had at least one confidential informant in the campaign.” If so, this is bigger than Watergate!
Wow, word seems to be coming out that the Obama FBI “SPIED ON THE TRUMP CAMPAIGN WITH AN IMBEDDED INFORMANT.” Andrew McCarthy says, “There’s probably no doubt that they had at least one confidential informant in the campaign.” If so, this is bigger than Watergate!
Congratulations America, we are now into the second year of the greatest Witch Hunt in American History...and there is still No Collusion and No Obstruction. The only Collusion was that done by Democrats who were unable to win an Election despite the spending of far more money!
Gina Haspel is one step closer to leading our brave men and women at the CIA. She is exceptionally qualified and the Senate should confirm her immediately. We need her to keep our great country safe! #ConfirmGina
...and voted against the massive Tax Cut Bill. He’s also weak on borders and crime. Sadly, our great Military and Vets mean nothing to Bobby Jr. Lou Barletta will win! #MAGA
Lou Barletta will be a great Senator for Pennsylvania but his opponent, Bob Casey, has been a do-nothing Senator who only shows up at election time. He votes along the Nancy Pelosi, Elizabeth Warren lines, loves sanctuary cities, bad and expensive healthcare...
Today, it was my great honor to welcome President Mirziyoyev of Uzbekistan to the @WhiteHouse! https://t.co/3EkHChjnYA
House votes today on Choice/MISSION Act. Who will stand with our Great Vets, caregivers, and Veterans Service Organizations? Must get Choice passed by Memorial Day!
...We have not seen China’s demands yet, which should be few in that previous U.S. Administrations have done so poorly in negotiating. China has seen our demands. There has been no folding as the media would love people to believe, the meetings...
...haven’t even started yet! The U.S. has very little to give, because it has given so much over the years. China has much to give!
The Washington Post and CNN have typically written false stories about our trade negotiations with China. Nothing has happened with ZTE except as it pertains to the larger trade deal. Our country has been losing hundreds of billions of dollars a year with China...
Congratulations to Deb Fischer. The people of Nebraska have seen what a great job she is doing - and it showed up at the ballot box! #MAGA
Congratulations to Lou Barletta of Pennsylvania. He will be a great Senator and will represent his people well - like they haven’t been represented in many years. Lou is a friend of mine and a special guy, he will very much help MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Thank you to the Washington Examiner and @CortesSteve on the great article - on WINNING! https://t.co/b5dfUABN5q
#PeaceOfficersMemorialDay https://t.co/agxulpPyag
Today is one of the most important and solemn occasions of the year – the day we pay tribute to the Law Enforcement Heroes who gave their lives in the line of duty. They made the ultimate sacrifice so that we could live in safety and peace. We stand with our police (HEROES) 100%! https://t.co/XDtYRUeOk1
Nebraska - make sure you get out to the polls and VOTE for Deb Fischer today! https://t.co/bDHVaGv2FS
Can you believe that with all of the made up, unsourced stories I get from the Fake News Media, together with the  $10,000,000 Russian Witch Hunt (there is no Collusion), I now have my best Poll Numbers in a year. Much of the Media may be corrupt, but the People truly get it!
Trade negotiations are continuing with China. They have been making hundreds of billions of dollars a year from the U.S., for many years. Stay tuned!
Our great First Lady is doing really well. Will be leaving hospital in 2 or 3 days. Thank you for so much love and support!
Heading over to Walter Reed Medical Center to see our great First Lady, Melania. Successful procedure, she is in good spirits. Thank you to all of the well-wishers!
The so-called leaks coming out of the White House are a massive over  exaggeration put out by the Fake News Media in order to make us look as bad as possible. With that being said, leakers are traitors and cowards, and we will find out who they are!
ZTE, the large Chinese phone company, buys a big percentage of individual parts from U.S. companies. This is also reflective of the larger trade deal we are negotiating with China and my personal relationship with President Xi.
#USEmbassyJerusalem https://t.co/f1SFvrkcAH
Big day for Israel. Congratulations!
U.S. Embassy opening in Jerusalem will be covered live on @FoxNews &amp; @FoxBusiness. Lead up to 9:00 A.M. (eastern) event has already begun. A great day for Israel!
So sad to see the Terror Attack in Paris. At some point countries will have to open their eyes &amp; see what is really going on. This kind of sickness &amp; hatred is not compatible with a loving, peaceful, &amp; successful country! Changes to our thought process on terror must be made.
Remember how badly Iran was behaving with the Iran Deal in place. They were trying to take over the Middle East by whatever means necessary. Now, that will not happen!
China and the United States are working well together on trade, but past negotiations have been so one sided in favor of China, for so many years, that it is hard for them to make a deal that benefits both countries. But be cool, it will all work out!
President Xi of China, and I, are working together to give massive Chinese phone company, ZTE, a way to get back into business, fast. Too many jobs in China lost. Commerce Department has been instructed to get it done!
Happy Mother’s Day!!! https://t.co/zw71dnT7TJ
The Senate should get funding done before the August break, or NOT GO HOME. Wall and Border Security should be included. Also waiting for approval of almost 300 nominations, worst in history. Democrats are doing everything possible to obstruct, all they know how to do. STAY!
Iran’s Military Budget is up more than 40% since the Obama negotiated Nuclear Deal was reached...just another indicator that it was all a big lie. But not anymore!
North Korea has announced that they will dismantle Nuclear Test Site this month, ahead of the big Summit Meeting on June 12th. Thank you, a very smart and gracious gesture!
Why doesn’t the Fake News Media state that the Trump Administration’s Anti-Trust Division has been, and is, opposed to the AT&amp;T purchase of Time Warner in a currently ongoing Trial. Such a disgrace in reporting!
Big week next week when the American Embassy in Israel will be moved to Jerusalem. Congratulations to all!
The American people deserve a healthcare system that takes care of them – not one that takes advantage of them. We will work every day to ensure all Americans have access to the quality, affordable medication they need and deserve. We will not rest until the job is done! https://t.co/9BzevAniNx
Today, my Administration is launching the most sweeping action in history to lower the price of prescription drugs for the American People. We will have tougher negotiation, more competition, and much lower prices at the pharmacy counter! https://t.co/xdakX43a4d
Thank you Indiana! #MAGA????https://t.co/fCv76VyUax
The highly anticipated meeting between Kim Jong Un and myself will take place in Singapore on June 12th. We will both try to make it a very special moment for World Peace!
Five Most Wanted leaders of ISIS just captured!
Senator Cryin’ Chuck Schumer fought hard against the Bad Iran Deal, even going at it with President Obama, &amp; then Voted AGAINST it! Now he says I should not have terminated the deal - but he doesn’t really believe that! Same with Comey. Thought he was terrible until I fired him!
On behalf of the American people, WELCOME HOME! https://t.co/hISaCI95CB
Gina Haspel did a spectacular job today. There is nobody even close to run the CIA!
Looking forward to greeting the Hostages (no longer) at 2:00 A.M.
The Failing New York Times criticized Secretary of State Pompeo for being AWOL (missing), when in fact he was flying to North Korea. Fake News, so bad!
Secretary Pompeo and his “guests” will be landing at Andrews Air Force Base at 2:00 A.M. in the morning. I will be there to greet them. Very exciting!
I am pleased to inform you that Secretary of State Mike Pompeo is in the air and on his way back from North Korea with the 3 wonderful gentlemen that everyone is looking so forward to meeting. They seem to be in good health. Also, good meeting with Kim Jong Un. Date &amp; Place set.
Congratulations to Mike Dewine on his big win in the Great State of Ohio. He will be a great Governor with a heavy focus on HealthCare and Jobs.  His Socialist opponent in November should not do well, a big failure in last job!
Candace Owens of Turning Point USA is having a big impact on politics in our Country. She represents an ever expanding group of very smart “thinkers,” and it is wonderful to watch and hear the dialogue going on...so good for our Country!
The Fake News is working overtime. Just reported that, despite the tremendous success we are having with the economy &amp; all things else, 91% of the Network News about me is negative (Fake). Why do we work so hard in working with the media when it is corrupt? Take away credentials?
The Republican Party had a great night. Tremendous voter energy and excitement, and all candidates are those who have a great chance of winning in November. The Economy is sooo strong, and with Nancy Pelosi wanting to end the big Tax Cuts and Raise Taxes, why wouldn’t we win?
The Iran Deal is defective at its core. If we do nothing, we know what will happen. In just a short time, the world’s leading state sponsor of terror will be on the cusp of acquiring the world’s most dangerous weapons.... https://t.co/58qwBLzxIH
Statement on the Iran Nuclear Deal: https://t.co/O3SpryCKkc
John Kerry can’t get over the fact that he had his chance and blew it! Stay away from negotiations John, you are hurting your country!
I will be speaking to my friend, President Xi of China, this morning at 8:30. The primary topics will be Trade, where good things will happen, and North Korea, where relationships and trust are building.
Gina Haspel, my highly respected nominee to lead the CIA, is being praised for the fact that she has been, and alway will be, TOUGH ON TERROR! This is a woman who has been a leader wherever she has gone. The CIA wants her to lead them into America’s  bright and glorious future!
I will be announcing my decision on the Iran Deal tomorrow from the White House at 2:00pm.
National Prescription Drug #TakeBackDay numbers are in! Another record broken: nearly 1 MILLION pounds of Rx pills disposed! Let’s keep fighting this opioid epidemic, America!
The United States does not need John Kerry’s possibly illegal Shadow Diplomacy on the very badly negotiated Iran Deal.  He was the one that created this MESS in the first place!
Is this Phony Witch Hunt going to go on even longer so it wrongfully impacts the Mid-Term Elections, which is what the Democrats always intended? Republicans better get tough and smart before it is too late!
Lisa Page, who may hold the record for the most Emails in the shortest period of time (to her Lover, Peter S), and attorney Baker, are out at the FBI as part of the Probers getting caught? Why is Peter S still there? What a total mess. Our Country has to get back to Business!
Good luck to Ric Grenell, our new Ambassador to Germany. A great and talented guy, he will represent our Country well!
“The Great Revolt” by Salena Zito and Brad Todd does much to tell the story of our great Election victory. The Forgotten Men &amp; Women are forgotten no longer!
The 13 Angry Democrats in charge of the Russian Witch Hunt are starting to find out that there is a Court System in place that actually protects people from injustice...and just wait ‘till the Courts get to see your unrevealed Conflicts of Interest!
The Russia Witch Hunt is rapidly losing credibility. House Intelligence Committee found No Collusion, Coordination or anything else with Russia. So now the Probe says OK, what else is there? How about Obstruction for a made up, phony crime.There is no O, it’s called Fighting Back
My highly respected nominee for CIA Director, Gina Haspel, has come under fire because she was too tough on Terrorists. Think of that, in these very dangerous times, we have the most qualified person, a woman, who Democrats want OUT because she is too tough on terror. Win Gina!
To the great people of West Virginia we have, together, a really great chance to keep making a big difference. Problem is, Don Blankenship, currently running for Senate, can’t win the General Election in your State...No way! Remember Alabama. Vote Rep. Jenkins or A.G. Morrisey!
Thank you Cleveland, Ohio! https://t.co/ROEFRLY7jP
Our high level delegation is on the way back from China where they had long meetings with Chinese leaders and business representatives. We will be meeting tomorrow to determine the results, but it is hard for China in that they have become very spoiled with U.S. trade wins!
Just returned home to the beautiful White House, from Dallas, where the Arena was packed to the rafters with the great fans and supporters of the @NRA. It was so wonderful to be there!
Great book just out by very successful businessman @AndyPuzder. Always known as somebody who knows how to win, “Capitalist Comeback” will be a big hit!
I want to thank all of our friends and patriots at the @NRA. We will never fail, and we will always protect your Second Amendment! God Bless you, and God Bless America! https://t.co/3PoNPV24p4
We are going to demand Congress secure the border in the upcoming CR. Illegal immigration must end!
Democrats and liberals in Congress want to disarm law-abiding Americans at the same time they are releasing dangerous criminal aliens and savage gang members onto our streets. Politicians who put criminal aliens before American Citizens should be voted out of office!
All of us here today are united by the same timeless values. We believe that our liberty is a gift from our creator, and that no Government can ever take it away. We believe in the rule of law - and we support the men and women of law enforcement. We have pride in our history... https://t.co/eONj1Y8oju
JUST OUT: 3.9% Unemployment. 4% is Broken! In the meantime, WITCH HUNT!
Going to Dallas (the GREAT State of Texas) today. Leaving soon!
NBC NEWS is wrong again! They cite “sources” which are constantly wrong. Problem is, like so many others, the sources probably don’t exist, they are fabricated, fiction! NBC, my former home with the Apprentice, is now as bad as Fake News CNN. Sad!
Andy McCarthy will be on  @LouDobbs tonight. 7:00 P.M. , @FoxBusiness.
Because Jobs in the U.S. are doing so well, Americans receiving unemployment aid is the lowest since 1973. Great!
Our Southern Border is under siege. Congress must act now to change our weak and ineffective immigration laws. Must build a Wall. Mexico, which has a massive crime problem, is doing little to help!
#NationalDayOfPrayer https://t.co/nFUc3uyQL8
This spring marks 4yrs since the Phoenix VA crisis. We won't forget what happened to our GREAT VETS. Choice is vital, but the program needs work &amp; is running out of $. Congress must fix Choice Program by Memorial Day so VETS can get the care they deserve. I will sign immediately!
Today, it was my great honor to celebrate the #NationalDayOfPrayer at the @WhiteHouse, in the Rose Garden! Proclamation: https://t.co/4jAxJnBJoq https://t.co/AsWTfpu290
...despite already having signed a detailed letter admitting that there was no affair. Prior to its violation by Ms. Clifford and her attorney, this was a private agreement. Money from the campaign, or campaign contributions, played no roll in this transaction.
...very common among celebrities and people of wealth. In this case it is in full force and effect and will be used in Arbitration for damages against Ms. Clifford (Daniels). The agreement was used to stop the false and extortionist accusations made by her about an affair,......
Mr. Cohen, an attorney, received a monthly retainer, not from the campaign and having nothing to do with the campaign, from which he entered into, through reimbursement, a private contract between two parties, known as a non-disclosure agreement, or NDA. These agreements are.....
Our great financial team is in China trying to negotiate a level playing field on trade! I look forward to being with President Xi in the not too distant future. We will always have a good (great) relationship!
Ainsley Earnhardt, a truly great person, just wrote a wonderful book, “The Light Within Me,” which is doing really well. She is very special and so is her new book...bring it to number one!
As everybody is aware, the past Administration has long been asking for three hostages to be released from a North Korean Labor camp, but to no avail. Stay tuned!
“This isn’t some game. You are screwing with the work of the president of the United States.”  John Dowd, March 2018.  With North Korea, China, the Middle East and so much more, there is not much time to be thinking about this, especially since there was no Russian “Collusion.”
I have been briefed on the U.S. C-130 “Hercules” cargo plane from the Puerto Rico National Guard that crashed near Savannah Hilton Head International Airport. Please join me in thoughts and prayers for the victims, their families and the great men and women of the National Guard.
Congratulations @SecPompeo! https://t.co/ECrMGkXMQF
A Rigged System - They don’t want to turn over Documents to Congress. What are they afraid of? Why so much redacting? Why such unequal “justice?” At some point I will have no choice but to use the powers granted to the Presidency and get involved!
NEW BOOK - A MUST READ! “The Russia Hoax - The Illicit Scheme to Clear Hillary Clinton and Frame Donald Trump” by the brilliant Fox News Legal Analyst Gregg Jarrett. A sad chapter for law enforcement. A rigged system!
“The questions are an intrusion into the President’s Article 2  powers under the Constitution to fire any Executive Branch Employee...what the President was thinking is an outrageous.....as to the President’s unfettered power to fire anyone...” Joe Digenova, former US Attorney
There was no Collusion (it is a Hoax) and there is no Obstruction of Justice (that is a setup &amp; trap). What there is is Negotiations going on with North Korea over Nuclear War, Negotiations going on with China over Trade Deficits, Negotiations on NAFTA, and much more. Witch Hunt!
Today, it was my great honor to thank and welcome heroic crew members and passengers of Southwest Airlines Flight 1380 at the @WhiteHouse! https://t.co/fYYgWToddi
Congratulations @ArmyWP_Football! https://t.co/rmaLoZMWtK
Today I had the great honor of awarding the Commander-in-Chief’s Trophy, for the first time in 21 years, to the @ArmyWP_Football Black Knights at the @WhiteHouse. Congratulations!https://t.co/KRQXR3xEES
Yesterday, it was my great honor to welcome President @MBuhari of the Federal Republic of Nigeria to the @WhiteHouse!???????? https://t.co/ApOC3CUSjV
It would seem very hard to obstruct justice for a crime that never happened! Witch Hunt!
Delegation heading to China to begin talks on the Massive Trade Deficit that has been created with our Country. Very much like North Korea, this should have been fixed years ago, not now. Same with other countries and NAFTA...but it will all get done. Great Potential for USA!
So disgraceful that the questions concerning the Russian Witch Hunt were “leaked” to the media. No questions on Collusion. Oh, I see...you have a made up, phony crime, Collusion, that never existed, and an investigation begun with illegally leaked classified information. Nice!
The White House is running very smoothly despite phony Witch Hunts etc. There is great Energy and unending Stamina, both necessary to get things done. We are accomplishing the unthinkable and setting positive records while doing so! Fake News is going “bonkers!”
The Fake News is going crazy making up false stories and using only unnamed sources (who don’t exist). They are totally unhinged, and the great success of this Administration is making them do and say things that even they can’t believe they are saying. Truly bad people!
During Small Business Week, we celebrate the great, hard-working entrepreneurs across our country who have started and operate a small business!
The migrant ‘caravan’ that is openly defying our border shows how weak &amp; ineffective U.S. immigration laws are. Yet Democrats like Jon Tester continue to support the open borders agenda – Tester even voted to protect Sanctuary Cities. We need lawmakers who will put America First.
I recently had a terrific meeting with a bipartisan group of freshman lawmakers who feel very strongly in favor of Congressional term limits. I gave them my full support and endorsement for their efforts. #DrainTheSwamp
Numerous countries are being considered for the MEETING, but would Peace House/Freedom House, on the Border of North &amp; South Korea, be a more Representative, Important and Lasting site than a third party country? Just asking!
The White House Correspondents’ Dinner is DEAD as we know it. This was a total disaster and an embarrassment to our great Country and all that it stands for. FAKE NEWS is alive and well and beautifully represented on Saturday night!
Headline: “Kim Prepared to Cede Nuclear Weapons if U.S. Pledges Not to Invade” - from the Failing New York Times. Also, will shut down Nuclear Test Site in May.
The White House Correspondents’ Dinner was a failure last year, but this year was an embarrassment to everyone associated with it. The filthy “comedian” totally bombed (couldn’t even deliver her lines-much like the Seth Meyers weak performance). Put Dinner to rest, or start over!
“Trump’s Triumphs are driving his critics Crazy!” Thank you Steve Hilton @NextRevFNC, just want to do what is right for our wonderful U.S.A.
Just got recent Poll - much higher than President O at same time....Well, much more has been accomplished!
While Washington, Michigan, was a big success, Washington, D.C., just didn’t work. Everyone is talking about the fact that the White House Correspondents Dinner was a very big, boring bust...the so-called comedian really “bombed.” @greggutfeld should host next year! @PeteHegseth
Great evening last night in Washington, Michigan. The enthusiasm, knowledge and love in that room was unreal. To the many thousands of people who couldn’t get in, I cherish you....and will be back!
Join me LIVE in Washington, Michigan at 7:00pmE on @FoxNews! #MAGA
Secret Service has just informed me that Senator Jon Tester’s statements on Admiral Jackson are not true. There were no such findings. A horrible thing that we in D.C. must live with, just like phony Russian Collusion. Tester should lose race in Montana. Very dishonest and sick!
Look forward to being in the Great State of Michigan tonight. Major business expansion and jobs pouring into your State. Auto companies expanding at record pace. Big crowd tonight, will be live on T.V.
Just had a long and very good talk with President Moon of South Korea. Things are going very well, time and location of meeting with North Korea is being set. Also spoke to Prime Minister Abe of Japan to inform him of the ongoing negotiations.
“Clapper lied about (fraudulent) Dossier leaks to CNN” @foxandfriends FoxNews  He is a lying machine who now works for Fake News CNN.
....great people of Montana will not stand for this kind of slander when talking of a great human being. Admiral Jackson is the kind of man that those in Montana would most respect and admire, and now, for no reason whatsoever, his reputation has been shattered. Not fair, Tester!
Allegations made by Senator Jon Tester against Admiral/Doctor Ron Jackson are proving false. The Secret Service is unable to confirm (in fact they deny) any of the phony Democrat charges which have absolutely devastated the wonderful Jackson family. Tester should resign. The.....
House Intelligence Committee rules that there was NO COLLUSION between the Trump Campaign and Russia. As I have been saying all along, it is all a big Hoax by the Democrats based on payments and lies. There should never have been a Special Counsel appointed. Witch Hunt!
House Intelligence Committee rules that there was NO COLLUSION between the Trump Campaign and Russia. As I have been saying all along, it is all a big Hoax by the Democrats based on payments and lies. There should never have been a Special Councel appointed. Witch Hunt!
I urge all Americans to participate in #takebackday tomorrow! Let’s come together and BEAT last October’s record of disposed prescription pills! Visit https://t.co/QCG7bHvvxd to learn more on how to participate Saturday and every day. https://t.co/W00YxL1RwK
Just Out: House Intelligence Committee Report released. “No evidence” that the Trump Campaign “colluded, coordinated or conspired with Russia.” Clinton Campaign paid for Opposition Research obtained from Russia- Wow! A total Witch Hunt! MUST END NOW!
Look forward to meeting with Chancellor Angela Merkel of Germany today. So much to discuss, so little time! It will be good for both of our great countries!
Kanye West has performed a great service to the Black Community - Big things are happening and eyes are being opened for the first time in Decades - Legacy Stuff! Thank you also to Chance and Dr. Darrell Scott, they really get it (lowest Black &amp; Hispanic unemployment in history).
Please do not forget the great help that my good friend, President Xi of China, has given to the United States, particularly at the Border of North Korea. Without him it would have been a much longer, tougher, process!
So great to have Staff Sgt. Dan Nevins and the incredible WOUNDED WARRIORS with me in the White House yesterday. These are truly brave and special people! @foxandfriends
KOREAN WAR TO END! The United States, and all of its GREAT people, should be very proud of what is now taking place in Korea!
After a furious year of missile launches and Nuclear testing, a historic meeting between North and South Korea is now taking place. Good things are happening, but only time will tell!
Is everybody believing what is going on. James Comey can’t define what a leak is. He illegally leaked CLASSIFIED INFORMATION but doesn’t understand what he did or how serious it is. He lied all over the place to cover it up. He’s either very sick or very dumb. Remember sailor!
The U.S. has put together a STRONG bid w/ Canada &amp; Mexico for the 2026 World Cup. It would be a shame if countries that we always support were to lobby against the U.S. bid. Why should we be supporting these countries when they don’t support us (including at the United Nations)?
Loved being on @foxandfriends this morning. Great show!
I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 8:00 A.M. Enjoy!
MAGA! https://t.co/jFf5ONASlv
Thank you Kanye, very cool! https://t.co/vRIC87M21X
Looking forward to my meeting with Tim Cook of Apple. We will be talking about many things, including how the U.S. has been treated unfairly for many years, by many countries, on trade.
.@FLOTUS did a spectacular job hosting the President of France @EmmanuelMacron and his wife Brigitte. Every detail was done to perfection. The State Dining Room never looked more beautiful, and Washington is abuzz over what an incredible job Melania did.
Busy day planned.  Looking forward to watching President Macron of France address a Joint Session of Congress today. This is a great honor and seldom allowed to be done...he will be GREAT!
Congratulations to Republican Debbie Lesko on her big win in the Special Election for Arizona House seat. Debbie will do a Great Job! Press is so silent.
Our two great republics are linked together by the timeless bonds of history, culture, and destiny. We are people who cherish our values, protect our civilization, and recognize the image of God in every human soul. https://t.co/01c8iSGDB3
Today, @FLOTUS Melania and I were honored to welcome French President @EmmanuelMacron and Mrs. Brigitte Macron to the @WhiteHouse. We look forward to hosting them at tonight's State Dinner, in their honor. https://t.co/wGJcWqSzyP
.@JimRenacci has worked so hard on Tax Reductions, Illegal Immigration, the Border and Crime. I need Jim very badly to help our agenda and to keep MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! He will be a fantastic Senator for the Great State of Ohio, and has my full endorsement!
.@JimRenacci has worked so hard on Tax Reductions, Illegal Immigration, the Border and Crime. I need Jim very badly to help our agenda and to keep MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! He will be a fantastic  Senator for the Great State of Ohio, and has my full endorsement!
“President Trump Calls the U.S.-France Relationship ‘Unbreakable.’ History Shows He’s Right.” https://t.co/L0gT4rvaJO
Arizona, please get out today and vote @DebbieLesko for Congress in #AZ08. Strong on Border, Immigration and Crime. Great on the Military. Time is ticking down - get out and VOTE today. We need Debbie in Congress!
Americans stand with you and all of Canada, Prime Minister @JustinTrudeau. Our thoughts and prayers are with you all. #TorontoStrong https://t.co/Xo3Cn962z8
Having great meetings and discussions with my friend, President @EmmanuelMacron of France. We are in the midst of meetings on Iran, Syria and Trade. We will be holding a joint press conference shortly, here at the @WhiteHouse. ???????? https://t.co/ju1FXhgjaD
Here’s a great stat - since January 2017, the number of people forced to use food stamps is down 1.9 million. The American people are finally back to work!
Mexico, whose laws on immigration are very tough, must stop people from going through Mexico and into the U.S. We may make this a condition of the new NAFTA Agreement. Our Country cannot accept what is happening! Also, we must get Wall funding fast.
Despite the Democrat inspired laws on Sanctuary Cities and the Border being so bad and one sided, I have instructed the Secretary of Homeland Security not to let these large Caravans of people into our Country. It is a disgrace. We are the only Country in the World so naive! WALL
Hard to believe Obstructionists May vote against Mike Pompeo for Secretary of State. The Dems will not approve hundreds of good people, including the Ambassador to Germany. They are maxing out the time on approval process for all, never happened before. Need more Republicans!
Thank you to the incredible Law Enforcement Officers from the Palm Beach County Sheriff’s Office. They keep us safe and are very cool about it! https://t.co/NlhxpPwmzT
Kim Strassel of the WSJ just said, after reviewing the dumb Comey Memos, “you got to ask, what was the purpose of the Special Counsel? There’s no there there.” Dan Henninger of the WSJ said Memos would show that this would be one of the weakest obstruction cases ever brought!
Funny how all of the Pundits that couldn’t come close to making a deal on North Korea are now all over the place telling me how to make a deal!
A complete Witch Hunt!
“I can die happy now with Trump Job performance,” stated Mary Matalin. “A great overall President, stunning!” Thank you Mary.
....We are a long way from conclusion on North Korea, maybe things will work out, and maybe they won’t - only time will tell....But the work I am doing now should have been done a long time ago!
Sleepy Eyes Chuck Todd of Fake News NBC just stated that we have given up so much in our negotiations with North Korea, and they have given up nothing. Wow, we haven’t given up anything &amp; they have agreed to denuclearization (so great for World), site closure, &amp; no more testing!
“GOP Lawmakers asking Sessions to Investigate Comey and Hillary Clinton.” @FoxNews   Good luck with that request!
“At least two Memos Comey shared with a friend contained Classified Information.”  Wall Street Journal
The Washington Post said I refer to Jeff Sessions as “Mr. Magoo” and Rod Rosenstein as “Mr. Peepers.” This is “according to people with whom the president has spoken.” There are no such people and don’t know these characters...just more Fake &amp; Disgusting News to create ill will!
James Comey’s Memos are Classified, I did not Declassify them. They belong to our Government! Therefore, he broke the law! Additionally, he totally made up many of the things he said I said, and he is already a proven liar and leaker. Where are Memos on Clinton, Lynch &amp; others?
Sylvester Stallone called me with the story of heavyweight boxing champion Jack Johnson. His trials and tribulations were great, his life complex and controversial. Others have looked at this over the years, most thought it would be done, but yes, I am considering a Full Pardon!
So funny, the Democrats have sued the Republicans for Winning. Now he R’s counter and force them to turn over a treasure trove of material, including Servers and Emails!
Heading to the Southern White House to watch the Funeral Service of Barbara Bush. First Lady Melania has arrived in Houston to pay our respects. Will be a beautiful day!
Today, my thoughts and prayers are with the entire Bush family. In memory of First Lady Barbara Bush, there is a remembrance display located at her portrait in the Center Hall of the @WhiteHouse. https://t.co/AuJ3RLZyax
Fantastic crowd and great people yesterday in Key West, Florida. Thank you! https://t.co/HqOUFgmbQS
Join me in Washington, Michigan on Saturday, April 28, 2018 at 7:00pm! #MAGA Tickets: https://t.co/DISosdqBuu https://t.co/gHdTgHw5FU
....non-existent “sources” and a drunk/drugged up loser who hates Michael, a fine person with a wonderful family. Michael is a businessman for his own account/lawyer who I have always liked &amp; respected. Most people will flip if the Government lets them out of trouble, even if....
....it means lying or making up stories. Sorry, I don’t see Michael doing that despite the horrible Witch Hunt and the dishonest media!
The New York Times and a third rate reporter named Maggie Haberman, known as a Crooked H flunkie who I don’t speak to and have nothing to do with, are going out of their way to destroy Michael Cohen and his relationship with me in the hope that he will “flip.” They use....
The New York Times and a third rate reporter named Maggie Habberman, known as a Crooked H flunkie who I don’t speak to and have nothing to do with, are going out of their way to destroy Michael Cohen and his relationship with me in the hope that he will “flip.” They use....
....non-existent “sources” and a drunk/drugged up loser who hates Michael, a fine person with a wonderful family. Michael is a businessman for his own account/lawyer who I have always liked &amp; respected. Most people will flip if the Government lets them out of trouble, even if....
....it means lying or making up stories. Sorry, I don’t see Michael doing that despite the horrible Witch Hunt and the dishonest media!
A message from Kim Jong Un: “North Korea will stop nuclear tests and launches of intercontinental ballistic missiles.”Also will “Shut down a nuclear test site in the country’s Northern Side to prove the vow to suspend nuclear tests.” Progress being made for all!
James Comey illegally leaked classified documents to the press in order to generate a Special Council? Therefore, the Special Council was established based on an illegal act? Really, does everybody know what that means?
Just heard the Campaign was sued by the Obstructionist Democrats. This can be good news in that we will now counter for the DNC Server that they refused to give to the FBI, the Debbie Wasserman Schultz Servers and Documents held by the Pakistani mystery man and Clinton Emails.
North Korea has agreed to suspend all Nuclear Tests and close up a major test site. This is very good news for North Korea and the World - big progress! Look forward to our Summit.
Just heard the Campaign was sued by the Obstructionist Democrats. This can be good news in that we will now counter for the DNC Server that they refused to give to the FBI, the Wendy Wasserman Schultz Servers and Documents held by the Pakistani mystery man and Clinton Emails.
Can you believe that despite 93% bad stories from the Fake News Media (should be getting good stories), today we had just about our highest Poll Numbers, including those on Election Day? The American public is wise to the phony an dishonest press. Make America Great Again!
Looks like OPEC is at it again. With record amounts of Oil all over the place, including the fully loaded ships at sea, Oil prices are artificially Very High! No good and will not be accepted!
Nancy Pelosi is going absolutely crazy about the big Tax Cuts given to the American People by the Republicans...got not one Democrat Vote! Here’s a choice. They want to end them and raise your taxes substantially. Republicans are working on making them permanent and more cuts!
So exciting! I have agreed to be the Commencement Speaker at our GREAT Naval Academy on May 25th in Annapolis, Maryland. Looking forward to being there.
So General Michael Flynn’s life can be totally destroyed while Shadey James Comey can Leak and Lie and make lots of money from a third rate book (that should never have been written). Is that really the way life in America is supposed to work? I don’t think so!
James Comey Memos just out and show clearly that there was NO COLLUSION and NO OBSTRUCTION. Also, he leaked classified information. WOW! Will the Witch Hunt continue?
James Comey just threw Andrew McCabe “under the bus.” Inspector General’s Report on McCabe is a disaster for both of them! Getting a little (lot) of their own medicine?
Sanctuary Cities released at least 142 Gang Members across the United States, making it easy for them to commit all forms of violent crimes where none would have existed. We are doing a great job of law enforcement, but things such as this make safety in America difficult!
My thoughts, prayers and condolences are with the families, friends and colleagues of the two @GCSOFlorida deputies (HEROES) who lost their lives in the line of duty today.
Mike Pompeo is outstanding. First in his class at West Point. A top student at Harvard Law School. A success at whatever he has done. We need the Senate to approve Mike ASAP. He will be a great Secretary of State!
...Hopefully the Senate will not leave Washington until our Ambassadors, Judges and the people who make Washington work are approved. The Democrats are Obstructing the process and we need these people approved for the good of our Country!
Democrats are obstructing good (hopefully great) people wanting to give up a big portion of their life to work for our Government, hence, the American People. They are “slow walking” all of my nominations - hundreds of people. At this rate it would take 9 years for all approvals!
.@MarshaBlackburn is a wonderful woman who has always been there when we have needed her. Great on the Military, Border Security and Crime. Loves and works hard for the people of Tennessee. She has my full endorsement and I will be there to campaign with her!
THANK YOU #JIATFSouth, @Norad_Northcom, @southcomwatch and @DHSgov. Keep up the GREAT work! https://t.co/3v2uG6Jp1T
Just arrived @NASKeyWest! Heading to a briefing with the Joint Interagency Task Force South, NORTHCOM and SOUTHCOM. https://t.co/r906IXnBcG
Governor Jerry Brown announced he will deploy “up to 400 National Guard Troops” to do nothing. The crime rate in California is high enough, and the Federal Government will not be paying for Governor Brown’s charade. We need border security and action, not words!
Thank you San Diego County for defending the rule of law and supporting our lawsuit against California's illegal and unconstitutional 'Sanctuary' policies. California's dangerous policies release violent criminals back into our communities, putting all Americans at risk.
Great meeting with Prime Minister Abe of Japan, who has just left Florida. Talked in depth about North Korea, Military and Trade. Good things will happen!
It was my great honor to host my friend @JPN_PMO @AbeShinzo and his delegation at Mar-a-Lago for the past two days. Lots accomplished, thank you! #Success???????? https://t.co/2NnItfwfBl
Great working luncheon with U.S. and Japanese Delegations this afternoon! https://t.co/ywU2CEih8b
Prime Minister @AbeShinzo of Japan and myself this morning building an even deeper and better relationship while playing a quick round of golf at Trump International Golf Club. https://t.co/YqU7pHiFoU
Best wishes to Prime Minister @Netanyahu and all of the people of Israel on the 70th Anniversary of your Great Independence. We have no better friends anywhere. Looking forward to moving our Embassy to Jerusalem next month!
Slippery James Comey, the worst FBI Director in history, was not fired because of the phony Russia investigation where, by the way, there was NO COLLUSION (except by the Dems)!
Mike Pompeo met with Kim Jong Un in North Korea last week. Meeting went very smoothly and a good relationship was formed. Details of Summit are being worked out now. Denuclearization will be a great thing for World, but also for North Korea!
A sketch years later about a nonexistent man. A total con job, playing the Fake News Media for Fools (but they know it)! https://t.co/9Is7mHBFda
There is a Revolution going on in California. Soooo many Sanctuary areas want OUT of this ridiculous, crime infested &amp; breeding concept. Jerry Brown is trying to back out of the National Guard at the Border, but the people of the State are not happy. Want Security &amp; Safety NOW!
While Japan and South Korea would like us to go back into TPP, I don’t like the deal for the United States. Too many contingencies and no way to get out if it doesn’t work. Bilateral deals are far more efficient, profitable and better for OUR workers. Look how bad WTO is to U.S.
Pastor Andrew Brunson, a fine gentleman and Christian leader in the United States, is on trial and being persecuted in Turkey for no reason. They call him a Spy, but I am more a Spy than he is. Hopefully he will be allowed to come home to his beautiful family where he belongs!
It is my great honor to host @JPN_PMO @AbeShinzo! https://t.co/QxMpCGRycF
.@FLOTUS Melania and I join the Nation in celebrating the life of Barbara Bush: https://t.co/4OW72iddQx
.@FLOTUS Melania and I join the Nation in celebrating the life of Barbara Bush: https://t.co/4NzyjxqAFM
States and Cities throughout our Country are being cheated and treated so badly by online retailers. Very unfair to traditional tax paying stores!
Today’s Court decision means that Congress must close loopholes that block the removal of dangerous criminal aliens, including aggravated felons. This is a public safety crisis that can only be fixed by....
....Congress – House and Senate must quickly pass a legislative fix to ensure violent criminal aliens can be removed from our society. Keep America Safe!
Welcome Prime Minister Abe! https://t.co/538EYyfWDq
Rasmussen just came out at 51% Approval despite the Fake News Media. They were one of the three most accurate on Election Day. Just about the most inaccurate were CNN and ABC News/Washington Post, and they haven’t changed (get new pollsters). Much of the media is a Scam!
Getting ready to meet Prime Minister Abe of Japan, a truly fine gentleman!
Looks like Jerry Brown and California are not looking for safety and security along their very porous Border. He cannot come to terms for the National Guard to patrol and protect the Border. The high crime rate will only get higher. Much wanted Wall in San Diego already started!
So many people are seeing the benefits of the Tax Cut Bill. Everyone is talking, really nice to see!
I am in Florida and looking forward to my meeting with Prime Minister Abe of Japan. Working on Trade and Military Security.
Employment is up, Taxes are DOWN. Enjoy!
Russia and China are playing the Currency Devaluation game as the U.S. keeps raising interest rates. Not acceptable!
Comey drafted the Crooked Hillary exoneration long before he talked to her (lied in Congress to Senator G), then based his decisions on her poll numbers. Disgruntled, he, McCabe, and the others, committed many crimes!
Just hit 50% in the Rasmussen Poll, much higher than President Obama at same point. With all of the phony stories and Fake News, it’s hard to believe! Thank you America, we are doing Great Things.
Slippery James Comey, a man who always ends up badly and out of whack (he is not smart!), will go down as the WORST FBI Director in history, by far!
Attorney Client privilege is now a thing of the past. I have many (too many!) lawyers and they are probably wondering when their offices, and even homes, are going to be raided with everything, including their phones and computers, taken. All lawyers are deflated and concerned!
I never asked Comey for Personal Loyalty. I hardly even knew this guy. Just another of his many lies. His “memos” are self serving and FAKE!
The Syrian raid was so perfectly carried out, with such precision, that the only way the Fake News Media could demean was by my use of the term “Mission Accomplished.” I knew they would seize on this but felt it is such a great Military term, it should be brought back. Use often!
Comey throws AG Lynch “under the bus!” Why can’t we all find out what happened on the tarmac in the back of the plane with Wild Bill and Lynch? Was she promised a Supreme Court seat, or AG, in order to lay off Hillary. No golf and grandkids talk (give us all a break)!
The big questions in Comey’s badly reviewed book aren’t answered like, how come he gave up Classified Information (jail), why did he lie to Congress (jail), why did the DNC refuse to give Server to the FBI (why didn’t they TAKE it), why the phony memos, McCabe’s $700,000 &amp; more?
Unbelievably, James Comey states that Polls, where Crooked Hillary was leading, were a factor in the handling (stupidly) of the Clinton Email probe. In other words, he was making decisions based on the fact that he thought she was going to win, and he wanted a job. Slimeball!
So proud of our great Military which will soon be, after the spending of billions of fully approved dollars, the finest that our Country has ever had. There won’t be anything, or anyone, even close!
A perfectly executed strike last night. Thank you to France and the United Kingdom for their wisdom and the power of their fine Military. Could not have had a better result. Mission Accomplished!
https://t.co/6VLQYAlcto
DOJ just issued the McCabe report - which is a total disaster. He LIED! LIED! LIED! McCabe was totally controlled by Comey - McCabe is Comey!! No collusion, all made up by this den of thieves and lowlifes!
We are bringing back our factories, we are bringing back our jobs, and we are bringing back those four beautiful words: MADE IN THE USA! https://t.co/grABSrYUBX
....untruthful slime ball who was, as time has proven, a terrible Director of the FBI. His handling of the Crooked Hillary Clinton case, and the events surrounding it, will go down as one of the worst “botch jobs” of history. It was my great honor to fire James Comey!
James Comey is a proven LEAKER &amp; LIAR. Virtually everyone in Washington thought he should be fired for the terrible job he did-until he was, in fact, fired. He leaked CLASSIFIED information, for which he should be prosecuted. He lied to Congress under OATH. He is a weak and.....
Tremendous pressure is building, like never before, for the Border Wall and an end to crime cradling Sanctuary Cities. Started the Wall in San Diego, where the people were pushing really hard to get it. They will soon be protected!
Would only join TPP if the deal were substantially better than the deal offered to Pres. Obama. We already have BILATERAL deals with six of the eleven nations in TPP, and are working to make a deal with the biggest of those  nations, Japan, who has hit us hard on trade for years!
America’s greatest treasure is our people – and my Administration HEARS YOUR VOICE and HAS YOUR BACK. We are fighting to give every American a future of dignity, purpose and pride. AMERICAN SPIRIT is back! #TaxCuts https://t.co/oSGZe0irBf
Thank you to all of the American workers who travelled here today! This event is dedicated to YOU: the hardworking Americans who make this nation run. You love your country, you provide for your family, you have PRIDE in your work and you cherish our GREAT AMERICAN FLAG! #TaxCuts https://t.co/RwaLpCRPh5
Just had an Agricultural Roundtable with memembers of Congress and Governors.I will be making remarks on the large scale TAX CUTS given to American families and workers at 1:45 P.M. from the Rose Garden. Join me live: https://t.co/XAchZ3zUSe https://t.co/Dqe8QhpDAZ
I have agreed with the historically cooperative, disciplined approach that we have engaged in with Robert Mueller (Unlike the Clintons!). I have full confidence in Ty Cobb, my Special Counsel, and have been fully advised throughout each phase of this process.
On Yom HaShoah we remember the six million Jews slaughtered in the Holocaust. With each passing year, our duty to remember this atrocity increases as we pledge #NeverAgain. #HolocaustRemembranceDay https://t.co/tyga4VtjLT
Good luck to Mike Pompeo during his Confirmation Hearing today. He will be a great Secretary of State!
Never said when an attack on Syria would take place. Could be very soon or not so soon at all! In any event, the United States, under my Administration, has done a great job of ridding the region of ISIS. Where is our “Thank you America?”
California Governor Jerry Brown is doing the right thing and sending the National Guard to the Border. Thank you Jerry, good move for the safety of our Country!
If I wanted to fire Robert Mueller in December, as reported by the Failing New York Times, I would have fired him. Just more Fake News from a biased newspaper!
Big show tonight on @seanhannity! 9:00 P.M. on @FoxNews
Honored to have Republican Congressional Leadership join me at the @WhiteHouse this evening. Lots to discuss as we continue MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! https://t.co/b9z5Nfdkcl
“Trump just took a giant step towards actual welfare reform” https://t.co/LQlACDDLug
The @WhiteHouse is partnering with @Interior and @NatlParkService to bring the @NSCsafety's “Prescribed to Death” Opioid Memorial to the Ellipse - beginning tomorrow, April 12th to April 18th. More information: https://t.co/z4FPQxt4Bl https://t.co/XvScPqvAkQ
Speaker Paul Ryan is a truly good man, and while he will not be seeking re-election, he will leave a legacy of achievement that nobody can question. We are with you Paul!
Much of the bad blood with Russia is caused by the Fake &amp; Corrupt Russia Investigation, headed up by the all Democrat loyalists, or people that worked for Obama. Mueller is most conflicted of all (except Rosenstein who signed FISA &amp; Comey letter). No Collusion, so they go crazy!
Our relationship with Russia is worse now than it has ever been, and that includes the Cold War. There is no reason for this. Russia needs us to help with their economy, something that would be very easy to do, and we need all nations to work together. Stop the arms race?
Russia vows to shoot down any and all missiles fired at Syria. Get ready Russia,  because they will be coming, nice and new and “smart!” You shouldn’t be partners with a Gas Killing Animal who kills his people and enjoys it!
....doing things that nobody thought possible, despite the never ending and corrupt Russia Investigation, which takes tremendous time and focus. No Collusion or Obstruction (other than I fight back), so now they do the Unthinkable, and RAID a lawyers office for information! BAD!
So much Fake News about what is going on in the White House. Very calm and calculated with a big focus on open and fair trade with China, the coming North Korea meeting and, of course, the vicious gas attack in Syria. Feels great to have Bolton &amp; Larry K on board. I (we) are
The Failing New York Times wrote another phony story. It was political pundit Doug Schoen, not a Ukrainian businessman, who asked me to do a short speech by phone (Skype), hosted by Doug, in Ukraine. I was very positive about Ukraine-another negative to the Fake Russia  C story!
Today, it was my great honor to welcome the 2017 NCAA Football National Champion, Alabama Crimson Tide - to the White House. Congratulations! #RollTidehttps://t.co/hF5EZHlSVS https://t.co/JfGue4IIs1
Very thankful for President Xi of China’s kind words on tariffs and automobile barriers...also, his enlightenment on intellectual property and technology transfers. We will make great progress together!
Very thankful for President Xi of China’s kind words on tarrifs and automobile barriers...also, his enlightenment on intellectual property and technology transfers. We will make great progress together!
Last night, it was my great honor to host America’s senior defense and military leaders for dinner at the White House. America’s military is the GREATEST fighting force in the history of the world. They all have my pledge of unwavering commitment to our men and women in uniform! https://t.co/BjWKcMX0iL
A TOTAL WITCH HUNT!!!
Attorney–client privilege is dead!
Great @Cabinet meeting at the @WhiteHouse this morning! https://t.co/kzmfovwUeb https://t.co/7AgbwbFNuw
The Democrats are not doing what’s right for our country. I will not rest until we have secured our borders and restored the rule of law! https://t.co/zKGgPlaadS
When a car is sent to the United States from China, there is a Tariff to be paid of 2 1/2%. When a car is sent to China from the United States, there is a Tariff to be paid of 25%. Does that sound like free or fair trade.  No, it sounds like STUPID TRADE -  going on for years!
Congratulations to Patrick Reed on his great and courageous MASTERS win! When Patrick had his amazing win at Doral 5 years ago, people saw his great talent, and a bright future ahead. Now he is the Masters Champion!
If President Obama had crossed his stated Red Line In The Sand, the Syrian disaster would have ended long ago! Animal Assad would have been history!
....to pay. Open area immediately for medical help and verification. Another humanitarian disaster for no reason whatsoever. SICK!
Many dead, including women and children, in mindless CHEMICAL attack in Syria. Area of atrocity is in lockdown and encircled by Syrian Army, making it completely inaccessible to outside world. President Putin, Russia and Iran are responsible for backing Animal Assad. Big price...
President Xi and I will always be friends, no matter what happens with our dispute on trade. China will take down its Trade Barriers because it is the right thing to do. Taxes will become Reciprocal &amp; a deal will be made on Intellectual Property. Great future for both countries!
The Washington Post is far more fiction than fact. Story after story is made up garbage - more like a poorly written novel than good reporting. Always quoting sources (not names), many of which don’t exist. Story on John Kelly isn’t true, just another hit job!
The Washington Post is far more fiction than fact. Story after story is made up made garbage - more like a poorly written novel than good reporting. Always quoting sources (not names), many of which don’t exist. Story on John Kelly isn’t true...just another hit job!
“The FBI closed the case on Hillary, which was a rigged investigation. They exonerated her even before they ever interviewed her, they never even put her under oath.....” and much more. So true Jesse! @WattersWorld
While Security spending was somewhat more than his predecessor, Scott Pruitt has received death threats because of his bold actions at EPA. Record clean Air &amp; Water while saving USA Billions of Dollars. Rent was about market rate, travel expenses OK. Scott is doing a great job!
Fire at Trump Tower is out. Very confined (well built building). Firemen (and women) did a great job. THANK YOU!
What does the Department of Justice and FBI have to hide? Why aren’t they giving the strongly requested documents (unredacted) to the HOUSE JUDICIARY COMMITTEE? Stalling, but for what reason? Not looking good!
Lawmakers of the House Judiciary Committee are angrily accusing the Department of Justice of missing the Thursday Deadline for turning over UNREDACTED Documents relating to FISA abuse, FBI, Comey, Lynch, McCabe, Clinton Emails and much more. Slow walking - what is going on? BAD!
We are sealing up our Southern Border. The people of our great country want Safety and Security. The Dems have been a disaster on this very important issue!
The United States hasn’t had a Trade Surplus with China in 40 years. They must end unfair trade, take down barriers and charge only Reciprocal Tariffs. The U.S. is losing $500 Billion a year, and has been losing Billions of Dollars for decades. Cannot continue!
Just spoke to @JustinTrudeau to pay my highest respect and condolences to the families of the terrible Humboldt Team tragedy. May God be with them all!
Congratulations to @bernieandsid on their new @77wabcradio morning radio show in New York City. It was an honor to join you two – good luck! https://t.co/sulTcRp3IC
“BET founder: Trump's economy is bringing black workers back into the labor force” https://t.co/TtMDfi4bv0
AMERICA IS OPEN FOR BUSINESS! https://t.co/5jxdojPZmN
Do you believe that the Fake News Media is pushing hard on a story that I am going to replace A.G. Jeff Sessions with EPA Chief Scott Pruitt, who is doing a great job but is TOTALLY under siege? Do people really believe this stuff? So much of the media is dishonest and corrupt!
China, which is a great economic power, is considered a Developing Nation within the World Trade Organization. They therefore get tremendous perks and advantages, especially over the U.S. Does anybody think this is fair. We were badly represented. The WTO is unfair to U.S.
Despite the Aluminum Tariffs, Aluminum prices are DOWN 4%. People are surprised, I’m not! Lots of money coming into U.S. coffers and Jobs, Jobs, Jobs!
Thank you @WVGovernor Jim Justice. It was my great honor to be with the amazing people of West Virginia today! #MAGA https://t.co/IwPuQNadMM
Thanks to our historic TAX CUTS, America is open for business, and millions of American workers are seeing more take-home pay through higher wages, salaries and bonuses! https://t.co/0u3dpLJiV2
The Fake News Washington Post, Amazon’s “chief lobbyist,” has another (of many) phony headlines, “Trump Defiant As China Adds Trade Penalties.” WRONG! Should read, “Trump Defiant as U.S. Adds Trade Penalties, Will End Barriers And Massive  I.P. Theft.” Typically bad reporting!
The Caravan is largely broken up thanks to the strong immigration laws of Mexico and their willingness to use them so as not to cause a giant scene at our Border. Because of the Trump Administrations actions, Border crossings are at a still UNACCEPTABLE 46 year low. Stop drugs!
“Still Rising: Rasmussen Poll Shows Donald Trump Approval Ratings Now at 51 Percent” https://t.co/q80PaE0gQo
Today we honor Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. on the 50th anniversary of his assassination. Earlier this year I spoke about Dr. King’s legacy of justice and peace, and his impact on uniting Americans. #MLK50 Proclamation: https://t.co/XXtPO0VX5A https://t.co/SH0esMSyMT
Our thoughts and prayers are with the four U.S. Marines from the 3rd Marine Aircraft Wing who lost their lives in yesterday’s Southern California helicopter crash. We pray for their families, and our great @USMC.
When you’re already $500 Billion DOWN, you can’t lose!
We are not in a trade war with China, that war was lost many years ago by the foolish, or incompetent, people who represented the U.S. Now we have a Trade Deficit of $500 Billion a year, with Intellectual Property Theft of another $300 Billion. We cannot let this continue!
Our Border Laws are very weak while those of Mexico &amp; Canada are very strong. Congress must change these Obama era, and other, laws NOW! The Democrats stand in our way - they want people to pour into our country unchecked....CRIME! We will be taking strong action today.
Was just briefed on the shooting at YouTube’s HQ in San Bruno, California. Our thoughts and prayers are with everybody involved. Thank you to our phenomenal Law Enforcement Officers and First Responders that are currently on the scene.
WE WILL PROTECT OUR SOUTHERN BORDER! https://t.co/Z7fqQKcnez
Today, it was my honor to welcome Estonia President @KerstiKaljulaid, Lithuania President @Grybauskaite_LT, and Latvia President @Vejonis to the @WhiteHouse. Congratulations on your 100th anniversaries of independence! #BalticSummit: https://t.co/XAchZ3zUSe https://t.co/RRftyTGEvb
I am right about Amazon costing the United States Post Office massive amounts of money for being their Delivery Boy. Amazon should pay these costs (plus) and not have them bourne by the American Taxpayer. Many billions of dollars. P.O. leaders don’t have a clue (or do they?)!
Thank you to Rasmussen for the honest polling. Just hit 50%, which is higher than Cheatin’ Obama at the same time in his Administration.
Check out the fact that you can’t get a job at ratings challenged @CNN unless you state that you are totally anti-Trump? Little Jeff Zuker, whose job is in jeopardy, is not having much fun lately. They should clean up and strengthen CNN and get back to honest reporting!
The big Caravan of People from Honduras, now coming across Mexico and heading to our “Weak Laws” Border, had better be stopped before it gets there. Cash cow NAFTA is in play, as is foreign aid to Honduras and the countries that allow this to happen. Congress MUST ACT NOW!
The Fake News Networks, those that knowingly have a sick and biased AGENDA, are worried about the competition and quality of Sinclair Broadcast. The “Fakers” at CNN, NBC, ABC &amp; CBS have done so much dishonest reporting that they should only be allowed to get awards for fiction!
#AutismAwarenessDay #LightItUpBlue https://t.co/JAzSE6yEes
“President Trump's approval rate among likely U.S. voters hit 50 percent on Monday, which puts him higher than former President Barack Obama's score at the same point into his first term, according to a new poll.” Via: @Anna_Giaritelli @DCExaminer https://t.co/ZzycNoDCQJ
39% of my nominations, including Diplomats to foreign lands, have not been confirmed due to Democrat obstruction and delay. At this rate, it would take more than 7 years before I am allowed to have these great people start working. Never happened before. Disgraceful!
Honduras, Mexico and many other countries that the U.S. is very generous to, sends many of their people to our country through our WEAK IMMIGRATION POLICIES. Caravans are heading here. Must pass tough laws and build the WALL. Democrats allow open borders, drugs and crime!
As ridiculous as it sounds, the laws of our country do not easily allow us to send those crossing our Southern Border back where they came from. A whole big wasted procedure must take place. Mexico &amp; Canada have tough immigration laws, whereas ours are an Obama joke. ACT CONGRESS
“President Donald J. Trump Proclaims April 2, 2018, World Autism Awareness Day” https://t.co/ECBCHfll0p
An honor to host the Annual @WhiteHouse Easter Egg Roll! https://t.co/bOMJRK8FyK
So sad that the Department of “Justice” and the FBI are slow walking, or even not giving, the unredacted documents requested by Congress. An embarrassment to our country!
Only fools, or worse, are saying that our money losing Post Office makes money with Amazon. THEY LOSE A FORTUNE, and this will be changed. Also, our fully tax paying retailers are closing stores all over the country...not a level playing field!
So funny to watch Fake News Networks, among the most dishonest groups of people I have ever dealt with, criticize Sinclair Broadcasting for being biased. Sinclair is far superior to CNN and even more Fake NBC, which is a total joke.
Mexico is making a fortune on NAFTA...They have very strong border laws - ours are pathetic. With all of the money they make from the U.S., hopefully they will stop people from coming through their country and into ours, at least until Congress changes our immigration laws!
DACA is dead because the Democrats didn’t care or act, and now everyone wants to get onto the DACA bandwagon... No longer works. Must build Wall and secure our borders with proper Border legislation. Democrats want No Borders, hence drugs and crime!
...Congress must immediately pass Border Legislation, use Nuclear Option if necessary, to stop the massive inflow of Drugs and People. Border Patrol Agents (and ICE) are GREAT, but the weak Dem laws don’t allow them to do their job. Act now Congress, our country is being stolen!
Mexico has the absolute power not to let these large “Caravans” of people enter their country. They must stop them at their Northern Border, which they can do because their border laws work, not allow them to pass through into our country, which has no effective border laws.....
These big flows of people are all trying to take advantage of DACA. They want in on the act!
Mexico is doing very little, if not NOTHING, at stopping people from flowing into Mexico through their Southern Border, and then into the U.S. They laugh at our dumb immigration laws. They must stop the big drug and people flows, or I will stop their cash cow, NAFTA. NEED WALL!
Border Patrol Agents are not allowed to properly do their job at the Border because of ridiculous liberal (Democrat) laws like Catch &amp; Release. Getting more dangerous. “Caravans” coming. Republicans must go to Nuclear Option to pass tough laws NOW. NO MORE DACA DEAL!
HAPPY EASTER!
Governor Jerry “Moonbeam” Brown pardoned 5 criminal illegal aliens whose crimes include (1) Kidnapping and Robbery (2) Badly beating wife and threatening a crime with intent to terrorize (3) Dealing drugs. Is this really what the great people of California want? @FoxNews
...does not include the Fake Washington Post, which is used as a “lobbyist” and should so  REGISTER. If the P.O. “increased its parcel rates, Amazon’s shipping costs would rise by $2.6 Billion.” This Post Office scam must stop. Amazon must pay real costs (and taxes) now!
While we are on the subject, it is reported that the U.S. Post Office will lose $1.50 on average for each package it delivers for Amazon. That amounts to Billions of Dollars. The Failing N.Y. Times reports that “the size of the company’s lobbying staff has ballooned,” and that...
https://t.co/UM3YJ6lUiD
Washington spent trillions building up foreign countries while allowing OUR OWN infrastructure to fall into a state of total disrepair. No more! It's time to REBUILD, and we will do it with American WORKERS, American GRIT, and American PRIDE! https://t.co/Q9rPZi2D2s
JOBS, JOBS, JOBS! Unemployment claims have fallen to a 45-year low. Together, we are making the economy great again! https://t.co/pN2TE5HDQm
We are going to REBUILD our crumbling infrastructure, and there is no better place to begin this campaign than in the Great State of Ohio. A tremendous honor to be here today at a state-of-the-art training site, where the skills of the American Worker are forged and refined! https://t.co/bU3KS62c0x
I have stated my concerns with Amazon long before the Election. Unlike others, they pay little or no taxes to state &amp; local governments, use our Postal System as their Delivery Boy (causing tremendous loss to the U.S.), and are putting many thousands of retailers out of business!
....In the interim, Hon. Robert Wilkie of DOD will serve as Acting Secretary. I am thankful for Dr. David Shulkin’s service to our country and to our GREAT VETERANS!
I am pleased to announce that I intend to nominate highly respected Admiral Ronny L. Jackson, MD, as the new Secretary of Veterans Affairs....
Great briefing this afternoon on the start of our Southern Border WALL! https://t.co/pmCNoxxlkH
....release known dangerous criminals into communities across the State. All citizens have the right to be protected by Federal law and strong borders.
My Administration stands in solidarity with the brave citizens in Orange County defending their rights against California's illegal and unconstitutional Sanctuary policies. California's Sanctuary laws....
.@USTradeRep just announced an agreement in principle with South Korea on KORUS! A great deal for American and Korean workers. Let’s now focus on our important security relationship.
Received message last night from XI JINPING of China that his meeting with KIM JONG UN went very well and that KIM looks forward to his meeting with me. In the meantime, and unfortunately, maximum sanctions and pressure must be maintained at all cost!
For years and through many administrations, everyone said that peace and the denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula was not even a small possibility. Now there is a good chance that Kim Jong Un will do what is right for his people and for humanity. Look forward to our meeting!
THE SECOND AMENDMENT WILL NEVER BE REPEALED! As much as Democrats would like to see this happen, and despite the words yesterday of former Supreme Court Justice Stevens, NO WAY. We need more Republicans in 2018 and must ALWAYS hold the Supreme Court!
I am very pleased to welcome the opioid memorial to the President's Park in April. I encourage all to visit and remember those who we have lost to this deadly epidemic. We will keep fighting until we defeat the opioid crisis! https://t.co/ZM7AYJyECr
Trade talks going on with numerous countries that, for many years, have not treated the United States fairly. In the end, all will be happy!
Great news! #MAGA https://t.co/mRQGRJkozC
So much Fake News. Never been more voluminous or more inaccurate. But through it all, our country is doing great!
The economy is looking really good. It has been many years that we have seen these kind of numbers. The underlying strength of companies has perhaps never been better.
.@HowieCarrShow just wrote a book which everyone is talking about. He was a great help. He is a veteran journalist who had a great influence in NH and beyond. He calls it the most amazing political campaign of modern times. The book is called, “What Really Happened.” Enjoy! #MAGA https://t.co/jYhjpoJKHe
“President Donald J. Trump Proclaims March 25, 2018, as Greek Independence Day: A National Day of Celebration of Greek and American Democracy” https://t.co/GwSJ2UK2xD https://t.co/GltMwxINA2
Happy National #MedalOfHonorDay to our HEROES. We love you! https://t.co/6euI31R4Gz
....lawyer or law firm will take months to get up to speed (if for no other reason than they can bill more), which is unfair to our great country - and I am very happy with my existing team. Besides, there was NO COLLUSION with Russia, except by Crooked Hillary and the Dems!
Many lawyers and top law firms want to represent me in the Russia case...don’t believe the Fake News narrative that it is hard to find a lawyer who wants to take this on. Fame &amp; fortune will NEVER be turned down by a lawyer, though some are conflicted. Problem is that a new......
Much can be done with the $1.6 Billion given to building and fixing the border wall. It is just a down payment. Work will start immediately. The rest of the money will come - and remember DACA, the Democrats abandoned you (but we will not)!
Because of the $700 &amp; $716 Billion Dollars gotten to rebuild our Military, many jobs are created and our Military is again rich. Building a great Border Wall, with drugs (poison) and enemy combatants pouring into our Country, is all about National Defense. Build WALL through M!
France honors a great hero. Officer died after bravely swapping places with hostage in ISIS related terror attack. So much bravery around the world constantly fighting radical Islamic terrorism. Even stronger measures needed, especially at borders!
Our thoughts and prayers are with the victims of the horrible attack in France yesterday, and we grieve the nation’s loss. We also condemn the violent actions of the attacker and anyone who would provide him support. We are with you @EmmanuelMacron!
As a matter of National Security I've signed the Omnibus Spending Bill. I say to Congress: I will NEVER sign another bill like this again. To prevent this omnibus situation from ever happening again, I'm calling on Congress to give me a line-item veto for all govt spending bills! https://t.co/kYwMk5AE5k
Obama Administration legalized bump stocks. BAD IDEA. As I promised, today the Department of Justice will issue the rule banning BUMP STOCKS with a mandated comment period. We will BAN all devices that turn legal weapons into illegal machine guns.
News conference at the White House concerning the Omnibus Spending Bill.  1:00 P.M.
I am considering a VETO of the Omnibus Spending Bill based on the fact that the 800,000 plus DACA recipients have been totally abandoned by the Democrats (not even mentioned in Bill) and the BORDER WALL, which is desperately needed for our National Defense, is not fully funded.
DACA was abandoned by the Democrats. Very unfair to them! Would have been tied to desperately needed Wall.
House Intelligence Committee votes to release final report. FINDINGS: (1) No evidence provided of Collusion between Trump Campaign &amp; Russia. (2)  The Obama Administrations Post election response was insufficient. (3) Clapper provided inconsistent testimony on media contacts.
I am pleased to announce that, effective 4/9/18, @AmbJohnBolton will be my new National Security Advisor. I am very thankful for the service of General H.R. McMaster who has done an outstanding job &amp; will always remain my friend. There will be an official contact handover on 4/9.
My honor Charlie - thank you! #MAGA https://t.co/ZbXFxNVMLP
As a candidate, I pledged that if elected I would use every lawful tool to combat unfair trade, protect American workers, and defend our national security.  Today, we took another critical step to fulfill that commitment. https://t.co/7NBI0Dibmx https://t.co/nmzqos3BUA
Remember when they were saying, during the campaign, that Donald Trump is giving great speeches and drawing big crowds, but he is spending much less money and not using social media as well as Crooked Hillary’s large and highly sophisticated staff. Well, not saying that anymore!
Crazy Joe Biden is trying to act like a tough guy. Actually, he is weak, both mentally and physically, and yet he threatens me, for the second time, with physical assault. He doesn’t know me, but he would go down fast and hard, crying all the way. Don’t threaten people Joe!
Democrats refused to take care of DACA. Would have been so easy, but they just didn’t care. I had to fight for Military and start of Wall.
Got $1.6 Billion to start Wall on Southern Border, rest will be forthcoming. Most importantly, got $700 Billion to rebuild our Military, $716 Billion next year...most ever. Had to waste money on Dem giveaways in order to take care of military pay increase and new equipment.
.....They can help solve problems with North Korea, Syria, Ukraine, ISIS, Iran and even the coming Arms Race. Bush tried to get along, but didn’t have the “smarts.” Obama and Clinton tried, but didn’t have the energy or chemistry (remember RESET). PEACE THROUGH STRENGTH!
I called President Putin of Russia to congratulate him on his election victory (in past, Obama called him also). The Fake News Media is crazed because they wanted me to excoriate him. They are wrong! Getting along with Russia (and others) is a good thing, not a bad thing.......
“Special Council is told to find crimes, whether a crime exists or not. I was opposed to the selection of Mueller to be Special Council. I am still opposed to it. I think President Trump was right when he said there never should have been a Special Council appointed because.....
...there was no probable cause for believing that there was any crime, collusion or otherwise, or obstruction of justice!”  So stated by Harvard Law Professor Alan Dershowitz.
“Special Council is told to find crimes, wether crimes exist or not. I was opposed the the selection of Mueller to be Special Council, I still am opposed to it. I think President Trump was right when he said there never should have been a Special Council appointed because.....
Department of Justice should have urged the Supreme Court to at least hear the Drivers License case on illegal immigrants in Arizona. I agree with @LouDobbs. Should have sought review.
AUSTIN BOMBING SUSPECT IS DEAD. Great job by law enforcement and all concerned!
Our Nation was founded by farmers. Our independence was won by farmers. And our continent was tamed by farmers. Our farmers always lead the way -- we are PROUD of them, and we are DELIVERING for them! #NationalAgricultureDay
The Democrats do not want to help DACA. Would be so easy to make a deal!
A total WITCH HUNT with massive conflicts of interest!
.@seanhannity on @foxandfriends now! Great! 8:18 A.M.
Why does the Mueller team have 13 hardened Democrats, some big Crooked Hillary supporters, and Zero Republicans? Another Dem recently added...does anyone think this is fair? And yet, there is NO COLLUSION!
Spent very little time with Andrew McCabe, but he never took notes when he was with me. I don’t believe he made memos except to help his own agenda, probably at a later date. Same with lying James Comey. Can we call them Fake Memos?
Wow, watch Comey lie under oath to Senator G when asked “have you ever been an anonymous source...or known someone else to be an anonymous source...?” He said strongly “never, no.” He lied as shown clearly on @foxandfriends.
The Mueller probe should never have been started in that there was no collusion and there was no crime. It was based on fraudulent activities and a Fake Dossier paid for by Crooked Hillary and the DNC, and improperly used in FISA COURT for surveillance of my campaign. WITCH HUNT!
The Fake News is beside themselves that McCabe was caught, called out and fired. How many hundreds of thousands of dollars was given to wife’s campaign by Crooked H friend, Terry M, who was also under investigation? How many lies? How many leaks? Comey knew it all, and much more!
As the House Intelligence Committee has concluded, there was no collusion between Russia and the Trump Campaign. As many are now finding out, however, there was tremendous leaking, lying and corruption at the highest levels of the FBI, Justice &amp; State. #DrainTheSwamp
Happy #StPatricksDay https://t.co/4vVsW2smhB
Andrew McCabe FIRED, a great day for the hard working men and women of the FBI - A great day for Democracy. Sanctimonious James Comey was his boss and made McCabe look like a choirboy. He knew all about the lies and corruption going on at the highest levels of the FBI!
“U.S. Consumer Confidence Hits 14-Year High” https://t.co/tXJsSRoM64
It would be great for the Republican Party of Nevada, and it’s unity if good guy Danny Tarkanian would run for Congress and Dean Heller, who is doing a really good job, could run for Senate unopposed!
Our thoughts and prayers go out to the families and loved ones of the brave troops lost in the helicopter crash on the Iraq-Syria border yesterday. Their sacrifice in service to our country will never be forgotten.
“President Donald J. Trump Delivers Remarks at the Shamrock??Bowl Presentation by Prime Minister Varadkar in the East Room of the White House” ???????? https://t.co/ZbogpAE09g
Continuing to monitor the heartbreaking bridge collapse at FIU - so tragic. Many brave First Responders rushed in to save lives. Thank you for your courage. Praying this evening for all who are affected.
It was my honor to welcome Prime Minister Leo Varadkar of Ireland to the @WhiteHouse! https://t.co/ZT3WnIZR2L
We do have a Trade Deficit with Canada, as we do with almost all countries (some of them massive). P.M. Justin Trudeau of Canada, a very good guy, doesn’t like saying that Canada has a Surplus vs. the U.S.(negotiating), but they do...they almost all do...and that’s how I know!
Larry Kudlow will be my Chief Economic Advisor as Director of the National Economic Council. Our Country will have many years of Great Economic &amp; Financial Success, with low taxes, unparalleled innovation, fair trade and an ever expanding labor force leading the way! #MAGA
Please join me with your thoughts and prayers for both aviators, their families and our incredible @USNavy. https://t.co/60bHhrp8Y1
It was wonderful to be back in Missouri where our push for historic TAX CUTS all began. Six months ago I promised that we would cut taxes to bring Main Street roaring back - and that is exactly what is happening! https://t.co/4kPofEii3i
Together, we are MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! https://t.co/CUutL5SZxQ
Today the House took major steps toward securing our schools by passing the STOP School Violence Act. We must put the safety of America's children FIRST by improving training and by giving schools and law enforcement better tools. A tragedy like Parkland can't happen ever again!
Thank you for hosting! #MAGA https://t.co/9pHH60DVlX
We cannot keep a blind eye to the rampant unfair trade practices against our Country!
Five of our incredible @Cabinet Secretaries are testifying on the Hill this morning on the need to rebuild our Nation’s crumbling infrastructure. We need to build FAST &amp; we need to build for our FUTURE. Thank you @SenateCommerce for hosting this hearing! #InfrastructureInAmerica
Perhaps at no time in history have the business fundamentals of U.S. companies been better than they are today!
Hundreds of good people, including very important Ambassadors and Judges, are being blocked and/or slow walked by the Democrats in the Senate. Many important positions in Government are unfilled because of this obstruction. Worst in U.S. history!
All across this nation, we pray for our country and we THANK GOD for our United States Marines! Thank you. God Bless You. And God Bless America! https://t.co/vKXBd0CGH1
It was my great honor to deliver a message at the Marine Corps Air Station Miramar to our GREAT U.S. Military, straight from the heart of the American People: We support you, we thank you, we love you - and we will always have your back! https://t.co/oCt1nH3DON
It was my great honor to deliver a message at the Marine Core Air Station Miramar to our GREAT U.S. Military, straight from the heart of the American People: We support you, we thank you, we love you - and we will always have your back! https://t.co/NEGCR6rM7Y
If we don’t have a wall system, we’re not going to have a country. Congress must fund the BORDER WALL &amp; prohibit grants to sanctuary jurisdictions that threaten the security of our country &amp; the people of our country. We must enforce our laws &amp; protect our people! #BuildTheWall https://t.co/NGqNueukvj
California’s sanctuary policies are illegal and unconstitutional and put the safety and security of our entire nation at risk. Thousands of dangerous &amp; violent criminal aliens are released as a result of sanctuary policies, set free to prey on innocent Americans. THIS MUST STOP!
“According to the Center for Immigration Studies, the $18 billion wall will pay for itself by curbing the importation of crime, drugs and illegal immigrants who tend to go on the federal dole...” https://t.co/NdLC6jZwWE
Heading to see the BORDER WALL prototypes in California! https://t.co/fU6Ukc271l
Mike Pompeo, Director of the CIA, will become our new Secretary of State. He will do a fantastic job! Thank you to Rex Tillerson for his service! Gina Haspel will become the new Director of the CIA, and the first woman so chosen. Congratulations to all!
The Economy is raging, at an all time high, and is set to get even better. Jobs and wages up. Vote for Rick Saccone and keep it going!
THE HOUSE INTELLIGENCE COMMITTEE HAS, AFTER A 14 MONTH LONG IN-DEPTH INVESTIGATION, FOUND NO EVIDENCE OF COLLUSION OR COORDINATION BETWEEN THE TRUMP CAMPAIGN AND RUSSIA TO INFLUENCE THE 2016 PRESIDENTIAL ELECTION.
It was my great honor to welcome the 2017 World Series Champion Houston @Astros to the @WhiteHouse! #HoustonStrong https://t.co/IO6B42jixA
The Pittsburgh Post Gazette just endorsed Rick Saccone for Congress. He will be much better for steel and business. Very strong on experience and what our Country needs. Lamb will always vote for Pelosi and Dems....Will raise taxes, weak on Crime and Border.
If schools are mandated to be gun free zones, violence and danger are given an open invitation to enter. Almost all school shootings are in gun free zones. Cowards will only go where there is no deterrent!
....On 18 to 21 Age Limits, watching court cases and rulings before acting. States are making this decision. Things are moving rapidly on this, but not much political support (to put it mildly).
Very strong improvement and strengthening of background checks will be fully backed by White House. Legislation moving forward. Bump Stocks will soon be out. Highly trained expert teachers will be allowed to conceal carry, subject to State Law. Armed guards OK, deterrent!.......
Secretary of Commerce Wilbur Ross will be speaking with representatives of the European Union about eliminating the large Tariffs and Barriers they use against the U.S.A. Not fair to our farmers and manufacturers.
Rasmussen and others have my approval ratings at around 50%, which is higher than Obama, and yet the political pundits love saying my approval ratings are “somewhat low.” They know they are lying when they say it. Turn off the show - FAKE NEWS!
The Democrats continue to Obstruct the confirmation of hundreds of good and talented people who are needed to run our government...A record in U.S. history. State Department, Ambassadors and many others are being slow walked. Senate must approve NOW!
The Republicans are 5-0 in recent Congressional races, a point which the Fake News Media continuously fails to mention. I backed and campaigned for all of the winners. They give me credit for one. Hopefully, Rick Saccone will be another big win on Tuesday.
...have shown conclusively that there was no Collusion with Russia..just excuse for losing. The only Collusion was that done by the DNC, the Democrats and Crooked Hillary. The writer of the story, Maggie Haberman, a Hillary flunky, knows nothing about me and is not given access.
The Failing New York Times purposely wrote a false story stating that I am unhappy with my legal team on the Russia case and am going to add another lawyer to help out. Wrong. I am VERY happy with my lawyers, John Dowd, Ty Cobb and Jay Sekulow. They are doing a great job and.....
Epic crowd in Moon Township, Pennsylvania tonight. Thank you! Get out on Tuesday and VOTE for Rick @Saccone4PA18. Together, we are MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! https://t.co/ckbCOsDQ2l
Join me LIVE in Moon Township, Pennsylvania at 7:00pmE. Great crowd for a #MAGA rally!https://t.co/PYJNg0WGDL
The European Union, wonderful countries who treat the U.S. very badly on trade, are complaining about the tariffs on Steel &amp; Aluminum. If they drop their horrific barriers &amp; tariffs on U.S. products going in, we will likewise drop ours. Big Deficit. If not, we Tax Cars etc. FAIR!
In the first hours after hearing that North Korea’s leader wanted to meet with me to talk denuclearization and that missile launches will end, the press was startled &amp; amazed.They couldn’t believe it. But by the following morning the news became FAKE.They said so what, who cares!
North Korea has not conducted a Missile Test since November 28, 2017 and has promised not to do so through our meetings. I believe they will honor that commitment!
Heading to Moon Township, Pennsylvania, to be with a really good person, State Representative Rick Saccone, who is running for Congress. Big &amp; happy crowd (why not, some of the best economic numbers ever). Rick will help me a lot. Also, tough on crime &amp; border. Loves 2nd A &amp; VETS
Spoke to Prime Minister Abe of Japan, who is very enthusiastic about talks with North Korea. Also discussing opening up Japan to much better trade with the U.S. Currently have a massive $100 Billion Trade Deficit. Not fair or sustainable. It will all work out!
Chinese President XI JINPING and I spoke at length about the meeting with KIM JONG UN of North Korea. President XI told me he appreciates that the U.S. is working to solve the problem diplomatically rather than going with the ominous alternative. China continues to be helpful!
Congratulations to Kristian Saucier, a man who has served proudly in the Navy, on your newly found Freedom. Now you can go out and have the life you deserve!
Chinese President XI XINPING and I spoke at length about the meeting with KIM JONG UN of North Korea. President XI told me he appreciates that the U.S. is working to solve the problem diplomatically rather than going with the ominous alternative. China continues to be helpful!
We are deeply saddened by the tragic situation in Yountville and mourn the loss of three incredible women who cared for our Veterans.
The deal with North Korea is very much in the making and will be, if completed, a very good one for the World. Time and place to be determined.
Spoke to PM @TurnbullMalcolm of Australia. He is committed to having a very fair and reciprocal military and trade relationship. Working very quickly on a security agreement so we don’t have to impose steel or aluminum tariffs on our ally, the great nation of Australia!
That’s right @RepBost! Thank you for your support in helping put America back to work. It’s about JOBS, JOBS, JOBS for our incredible workers and putting AMERICA FIRST! https://t.co/ChUQEa6rsC
Look forward to being in Pennsylvania tomorrow in support of Rick @Saccone4PA18. Big crowd expected in Moon Township. Vote Rick and see you there! #MAGA
JOBS, JOBS, JOBS! #MAGA https://t.co/YAaqRcA7ZS
Kim Jong Un talked about denuclearization with the South Korean Representatives, not just a freeze. Also, no missile testing by North Korea during this period of time. Great progress being made but sanctions will remain until an agreement is reached. Meeting being planned!
“Presidential Proclamation on Adjusting Imports of Aluminum into the United States”  Proclamation: https://t.co/aCaMtOUAl0Remarks: https://t.co/nypErcqFSU https://t.co/rcrkpvChkz
“Presidential Proclamation on Adjusting Imports of Steel into the United States” Proclamation: https://t.co/hxduwSoElzRemarks: https://t.co/nypErcqFSU https://t.co/q92FDYZeUl
Great meeting with @Cabinet at the @WhiteHouse today! #MAGA https://t.co/InWj0QTosz
Happy #InternationalWomensDay“First Lady Melania Trump to Present the 2018 International Women of Courage Award” https://t.co/EwYtFXGvn2
Looking forward to 3:30 P.M. meeting today at the White House. We have to protect &amp; build our Steel and Aluminum Industries while at the same time showing great flexibility and cooperation toward those that are real friends  and treat us fairly on both trade and the military.
The U.S. is acting swiftly on Intellectual Property theft. We cannot allow this to happen as it has for many years!
China has been asked to develop a plan for the year of a One Billion Dollar reduction in their massive Trade Deficit with the United States. Our relationship with China has been a very good one, and we look forward to seeing what ideas they come back with. We must act soon!
From Bush 1 to present, our Country has lost more than 55,000 factories, 6,000,000 manufacturing jobs and accumulated Trade Deficits of more than 12 Trillion Dollars. Last year we had a Trade Deficit of almost 800 Billion Dollars. Bad Policies &amp; Leadership. Must WIN again!  #MAGA
@MarkBurnettTV @RealRomaDowney From Bush 1 to present, our Country has lost more than 55,000 factories, 6,000,000 manufacturing jobs and accumulated Trade Deficits of more than 12 Trillion Dollars. Last year we had a Trade Deficit of almost 800 Billion Dollars. Bad policies &amp; leadership. Must win again!  #MAGA
Great couple, great book! https://t.co/cLDI79rin8
Will be making a decision soon on the appointment of new Chief Economic Advisor. Many people wanting the job - will choose wisely!
Possible progress being made in talks with North Korea. For the first time in many years, a serious effort is being made by all parties concerned. The World is watching and waiting! May be false hope, but the U.S. is ready to go hard in either direction!
Federal Judge in Maryland has just ruled that “President Trump has the right to end DACA.” President Obama had 8 years to fix this problem, and didn’t. I am waiting for the Dems, they are running for the hills!
Lowest rated Oscars in HISTORY. Problem is, we don’t have Stars anymore - except your President (just kidding, of course)!
We will see what happens! https://t.co/Y1qxoAUfd9
We are getting it done - jobs and security! https://t.co/Ui8bubj7Yr
Total inaction on DACA by Dems. Where are you? A deal can be made!
The new Fake News narrative is that there is CHAOS in the White House. Wrong! People will always come &amp; go, and I want strong dialogue before making a final decision. I still have some people that I want to change (always seeking perfection). There is no Chaos, only great Energy!
It’s March 5th and the Democrats are nowhere to be found on DACA. Gave them 6 months, they just don’t care. Where are they? We are ready to make a deal!
Why did the Obama Administration start an investigation into the Trump Campaign (with zero proof of wrongdoing) long before the Election in November? Wanted to discredit so Crooked H would win. Unprecedented. Bigger than Watergate! Plus, Obama did NOTHING about Russian meddling.
To protect our Country we must protect American Steel! #AMERICA FIRST
...treat our farmers much better. Highly restrictive. Mexico must do much more on stopping drugs from pouring into the U.S. They have not done what needs to be done. Millions of people addicted and dying.
We have large trade deficits with Mexico and Canada. NAFTA, which is under renegotiation right now, has been a bad deal for U.S.A. Massive relocation of companies &amp; jobs. Tariffs on Steel and Aluminum will only come off if new &amp; fair NAFTA agreement is signed. Also, Canada must..
We are on the losing side of almost all trade deals. Our friends and enemies have taken advantage of the U.S. for many years. Our Steel and Aluminum industries are dead. Sorry, it’s time for a change! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
The Gridiron Dinner last night was great fun. I am accomplishing a lot in Washington and have never had a better time doing something, and especially since this is for the American People!
If the E.U. wants to further increase their already massive tariffs and barriers on U.S. companies doing business there, we will simply apply a Tax on their Cars which freely pour into the U.S. They make it impossible for our cars (and more) to sell there. Big trade imbalance!
The United States has an $800 Billion Dollar Yearly Trade Deficit because of our “very stupid” trade deals and policies. Our jobs and wealth are being given to other countries that have taken advantage of us for years. They laugh at what fools our leaders have been. No more!
Mainstream Media in U.S. is being mocked all over the world. They’ve gone CRAZY! https://t.co/4UGYuJpUA7
Happy National Anthem Day! https://t.co/cf1eugMbKU
Heading to Billy Graham Funeral. A Special Man!
REST IN PEACE BILLY GRAHAM! https://t.co/2qMoUccVC2
When a country Taxes our products coming in at, say, 50%, and we Tax the same product coming into our country at ZERO, not fair or smart. We will soon be starting RECIPROCAL TAXES so that we will charge the same thing as they charge us. $800 Billion Trade Deficit-have no choice!
We must protect our country and our workers. Our steel industry is in bad shape. IF YOU DON’T HAVE STEEL, YOU DON’T HAVE A COUNTRY!
Eric, we are all with you and your family! Look forward to seeing you back on T.V. https://t.co/d6y3Q00BSy
Alec Baldwin, whose dying mediocre career was saved by his terrible impersonation of me on SNL, now says playing me was agony. Alec, it was agony for those who were forced to watch. Bring back Darrell Hammond, funnier and a far greater talent!
When a country (USA) is losing many billions of dollars on trade with virtually every country it does business with, trade wars are good, and easy to win. Example, when we are down $100 billion with a certain country and they get cute, don’t trade anymore-we win big. It’s easy!
Alex Baldwin, whose dieing mediocre career was saved by his impersonation of me on SNL, now says playing DJT was agony for him. Alex, it was also agony for those who were forced to watch. You were terrible. Bring back Darrell Hammond, much funnier and a far greater talent!
Good (Great) meeting in the Oval Office tonight with the NRA!
Manufacturing growing at the fastest pace in almost two decades!
Jobless claims at a 49 year low!
Together, we will face this challenge as a national family with conviction, with unity, and with a commitment to love and support our neighbors in times of dire need. Working together, we will defeat this #OpioidEpidemic.Full Opioid Summit: https://t.co/qqfeVr4BBf https://t.co/oFvr0DJMEf
“Consumer Confidence in February Highest Since November 2000” https://t.co/UgAJRawExx
“Manufacturing in U.S. Expands at Fastest Pace Since May 2004” https://t.co/XZkwS8tTml
Unemployment filings are at their lowest level in over 48 years. Great news for workers and JOBS, JOBS, JOBS! #MAGA https://t.co/SzHTarzfrW
Our Steel and Aluminum industries (and many others) have been decimated by decades of unfair trade and bad policy with countries from around the world. We must not let our country, companies and workers be taken advantage of any longer. We want free, fair and SMART TRADE!
Many ideas, some good &amp; some not so good, emerged from our bipartisan meeting on school safety yesterday at the White House. Background Checks a big part of conversation. Gun free zones are proven targets of killers. After many years, a Bill should emerge. Respect 2nd Amendment!
It was an honor to welcome bipartisan members of Congress for a discussion on SAFE schools and SAFE communities. As we continue to mourn the loss of so many precious young lives in Parkland, we are determined to turn our grief into action. Full meeting: https://t.co/tbl94sCM01 https://t.co/TmUMusoR9x
Today we honor Billy Graham as only three private citizens before him have been honored. We say a prayer for our country: that all across this land, the Lord will raise up men and women like Billy Graham to spread a message of love and hope to every precious child of God. https://t.co/EM4lZUZpX9
Starting at a small Bible School in Florida, Billy Graham soon led a nationwide revival. From a large tent in Los Angeles, to one hundred thousand people in a single day at Yankee Stadium, to more than two million people at Madison Square Garden over sixteen weeks in 1957... https://t.co/z1vvAemlBP
Today, in the center of this great Chamber lies Billy Graham – an Ambassador for Christ who reminded the world of the power of prayer and the gift of God’s grace. https://t.co/5aMh8nFPJW
Why is A.G. Jeff Sessions asking the Inspector General to investigate potentially massive FISA abuse. Will take forever, has no prosecutorial power and already late with reports on Comey etc. Isn’t the I.G. an Obama guy? Why not use Justice Department lawyers? DISGRACEFUL!
45 year low on illegal border crossings this year. Ice and Border Patrol Agents are doing a great job for our Country. MS-13 thugs being hit hard.
I have decided that sections of the Wall that California wants built NOW will not be built until the whole Wall is approved. Big victory yesterday with ruling from the courts that allows us to proceed. OUR COUNTRY MUST HAVE BORDER SECURITY!
The Heritage Foundation has just stated that 64% of the Trump Agenda is already done, faster than even Ronald Reagan. “We’re blown away,” said Thomas Binion of Heritage, President Trump “is very active, very conservative and very effective. Huge volume &amp; spectrum of issues.”
Big legal win today. U.S. judge sided with the Trump Administration and rejected the attempt to stop the government from building a great Border Wall on the Southern Border. Now this important project can go forward!
Such a beautiful map, thank you! https://t.co/FyQdgKvsRO
.@SenatorWicker of Mississippi has been a great supporter and incredible help in getting our massive Tax Cut Bill done and approved. Also big help on cutting regs. I am with him in his re-election all the way!
Texas LC George P. Bush backed me when it wasn’t the politically correct thing to do, and I back him now. Also, AC Sid Miller has been with me from the beginning, he is “Trump’s Man in Texas.” Also support Comptroller Glenn Hegar, and Railroad Commissioner Christi Craddick.
“American consumers are the most confident they've been since 2000....A strong job market is boosting confidence. The unemployment rate has stayed at a 17-year low.” https://t.co/aL7aVoR7XC
I want to encourage all of my many Texas friends to vote in the primary for Governor Greg Abbott, Senator Ted Cruz, Lt. Gov. Dan Patrick, and Attorney General Ken Paxton. They are helping me to Make America Great Again! Vote early or on March 6th.
WITCH HUNT!
“We’ve seen NO EVIDENCE OF COLLUSION....I have seen nothing, the firing of James Comey and all of the aftermath, that suggests that the President has obstructed justice because he’s exercising his power as the President of the U.S. I just don’t see it.”  Judge Ken Starr
“I’ve been skeptical about the collusion and obstruction claims for the last year. I just don’t see the evidence....in terms of the collusion, it’s all a bit implausible based on the evidence we have.”  Jonathan Turley on @FoxNews
“He’s got a very good point. Somebody in the Justice Department has a treasure trove of evidence of Mrs. Clinton’s criminality at her own hands, or through others, that ought to be investigated. I fully agree with the President on that.” @judgenapolitano on @marthamaccallum Show
I will be interviewed by @JudgeJeanine on @FoxNews at 9:00 P.M. Enjoy!
“Congressman Schiff omitted and distorted key facts” @FoxNews  So, what else is new. He is a total phony!
“Russians had no compromising information on Donald Trump” @FoxNews  Of course not, because there is none, and never was. This whole Witch Hunt is an illegal disgrace...and Obama did nothing about Russia!
Dem Memo: FBI did not disclose who the clients were - the Clinton Campaign and the DNC. Wow!
The Democrat memo response on government surveillance abuses is a total political and legal BUST. Just confirms all of the terrible things that were done. SO ILLEGAL!
BIG CPAC STRAW POLL RESULTS: 93% APPROVE OF THE JOB PRESIDENT TRUMP IS DOING (Thank you!). 50% say President Trump should Tweet MORE or SAME (funny!). 79% say Republicans in Congress should do a better job of working with President Trump (starting to happen).
Dems are no longer talking DACA! “Out of sight, out of mind,” they say. DACA beneficiaries should not be happy. Nancy Pelosi truly doesn’t care about them. Republicans stand ready to make a deal!
Unemployment claims are at the lowest level since 1973. Much of this has to do with the massive cutting of unnecessary and job killing Regulations!
Democrat judges have totally redrawn election lines in the great State of Pennsylvania. @FoxNews. This is very unfair to Republicans and to our country as a whole. Must be appealed to the United States Supreme Court ASAP!
Armed Educators (and trusted people who work within a school) love our students and will protect them. Very smart people. Must be firearms adept &amp; have annual training. Should get yearly bonus. Shootings will not happen again - a big &amp; very inexpensive deterrent. Up to States.
So true Wayne, and Lowest black unemployment in history! https://t.co/gDxxJdZQUm
Thank you to the great men and women of the United States @SecretService for a job well done!
Today, @FLOTUS Melania and I were honored to welcome Prime Minister @TurnbullMalcolm and Mrs. Turnbull of Australia to the @WhiteHouse!????????Press Conference: https://t.co/rKokJGRsgu https://t.co/PkJUw8x9jb
Our nation’s motto is IN GOD WE TRUST. This week, our nation lost an incredible leader who devoted his life to helping us understand what those words really mean. We will never forget the historic crowds, the voice, the energy, and the profound faith of Billy Graham! #CPAC2018 https://t.co/5GDh7Jonkv
We salute our great American flag, we put our hands on our hearts for the pledge of Allegiance, and we all PROUDLY STAND for the National Anthem. #CPAC2018 https://t.co/qGKW2xGjP0
After years of rebuilding OTHER nations, we are finally rebuilding OUR nation - and we are restoring our confidence and our pride! #CPAC2018 https://t.co/rD9oTU8iex
For those of you who are still interested, the Democrats have totally forgotten about DACA. Not a lot of interest on this subject from them!
My daughter, Ivanka, just arrived in South Korea. We cannot have a better, or smarter, person representing our country.
CPAC Today!
MS-13 gang members are being removed by our Great ICE and Border Patrol Agents by the thousands, but these killers come back in from El Salvador, and through Mexico, like water. El Salvador just takes our money, and Mexico must help MORE with this problem. We need The Wall!
“School shooting survivor says he quit @CNN Town Hall after refusing scripted question.” @TuckerCarlson. Just like so much of CNN, Fake News. That’s why their ratings are so bad! MSNBC may be worse.
Today, it was my great honor to host a School Safety Roundtable at the @WhiteHouse with State and local leaders, law enforcement officers, and education officials.There is nothing more important than protecting our children. They deserve to be safe, and we will deliver! https://t.co/WhC2AxgWXO
On behalf of an entire Nation, CONGRATULATIONS to the U.S. Women's Hockey Team on winning the GOLD! #GoTeamUSA #Olympics https://t.co/3cUZwLVGua
Will be meeting with Lawmakers today at 11:30 A.M. to discuss School Safety.  Next week it will be with our Nation’s Governors. It’s been many years of all talk, no action. We’ll get it done!
What many people don’t understand, or don’t want to understand, is that Wayne, Chris and the folks who work so hard at the @NRA are Great People and Great American Patriots. They love our Country and will do the right thing.                  MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I will be strongly pushing Comprehensive Background Checks with an emphasis on Mental Health. Raise age to 21 and end sale of Bump Stocks! Congress is in a mood to finally do something on this issue - I hope!
....If a potential “sicko shooter” knows that a school has a large number of very weapons talented teachers (and others) who will be instantly shooting, the sicko will NEVER attack that school. Cowards won’t go there...problem solved. Must be offensive, defense alone won’t work!
....History shows that a school shooting lasts, on average, 3 minutes. It takes police &amp; first responders approximately 5 to 8 minutes to get to site of crime. Highly trained, gun adept, teachers/coaches would solve the problem instantly, before police arrive. GREAT DETERRENT!
....immediately fire back if a savage sicko came to a school with bad intentions. Highly trained teachers would also serve as a deterrent to the cowards that do this. Far more assets at much less cost than guards. A “gun free” school is a magnet for bad people. ATTACKS WOULD END!
I never said “give teachers guns” like was stated on Fake News @CNN &amp; @NBC. What I said was to look at the possibility of giving “concealed guns to gun adept teachers with military or special training experience - only the best. 20% of teachers, a lot, would now be able to
I will always remember the time I spent today with courageous students, teachers and families. So much love in the midst of so much pain. We must not let them down. We must keep our children safe!!Full Listening Session: https://t.co/x5VenyQX5p https://t.co/CAPfX5odIp
.@FLOTUS Melania and I join millions of people around the world in mourning the passing of Billy Graham. Our prayers are with his children, grandchildren, great-grandchildren and all who worked closely with Reverend Graham in his lifelong ministry. https://t.co/e1697tcyaI
Yesterday, it was my great honor to recognize extraordinary Law Enforcement Officers and First Responders, and to award them the the highest possible decoration for bravery by public safety officers, the Medal of Valor. #AmericanHeroes https://t.co/em0wBbvy5P
Question: If all of the Russian meddling took place during the Obama Administration, right up to January 20th, why aren’t they the subject of the investigation? Why didn’t Obama do something about the meddling? Why aren’t Dem crimes under investigation? Ask Jeff Sessions!
The GREAT Billy Graham is dead. There was nobody like him! He will be missed by Christians and all religions. A very special man.
Question: If all of the Russian meddling took place during the Obama Administration, right up to January 20th, why aren’t they the subject of the investigation? Why didn’t Obama do something about the meddling? Why aren’t Dem crimes under investigation? Ask Jeff Session!
@CNN @MSNBC Whether we are Republican or Democrat, we must now focus on strengthening Background Checks!
So true, thank you! https://t.co/9TTXlfokYz
Bad ratings @CNN &amp; @MSNBC got scammed when they covered the anti-Trump Russia rally wall-to-wall. They probably knew it was Fake News but, because it was a rally against me, they pushed it hard anyway. Two really dishonest newscasters, but the public is wise!
Main Street is BOOMING thanks to our incredible TAX CUT and Reform law. "This shows small-business owners are more than just optimistic, they are ready to grow their businesses." https://t.co/w9aw68UwOj
....cameras running. Another False Accusation. Why doesn’t @washingtonpost report the story of the women taking money to make up stories about me? One had her home mortgage paid off. Only @FoxNews so reported...doesn’t fit the Mainstream Media narrative.
A woman I don’t know and, to the best of my knowledge, never met, is on the FRONT PAGE of the Fake News Washington Post saying I kissed her (for two minutes yet) in the lobby of Trump Tower 12 years ago. Never happened! Who would do this in a public space with live security......
I have been much tougher on Russia than Obama, just look at the facts. Total Fake News!
Hope Republicans in the Great State of Pennsylvania challenge the new “pushed” Congressional Map, all the way to the Supreme Court, if necessary. Your Original was correct! Don’t let the Dems take elections away from you so that they can raise taxes &amp; waste money!
Matt Schlapp and CPAC are getting ready for another exciting event. Big difference from those days when President Obama held the White House. You’ve come a long way Matt!
Republicans are now leading the Generic Poll, perhaps because of the popular Tax Cuts which the Dems want to take away. Actually, they want to raise you taxes, substantially. Also, they want to do nothing on DACA, R’s want to fix!
....The President Obama quote just before election. That’s because he thought Crooked Hillary was going to win and he didn’t want to “rock the boat.” When I easily won the Electoral College, the whole game changed and the Russian excuse became the narrative of the Dems.
“There is no serious person out there who would suggest somehow that you could even rig America’s elections, there’s no evidence that that has happened in the past or that it will happen this time, and so I’d invite Mr. Trump to stop whining and make his case to get votes.” .....
Thank you to @foxandfriends for the great timeline on all of the failures the Obama Administration had against Russia, including Crimea, Syria and so much more. We are now starting to win again!
“The Faith of Donald Trump,” a book just out by David Brody and Scott Lamb, is a very interesting read. Enjoy!
The U.S. economy is looking very good, in my opinion, even better than anticipated. Companies are pouring back into our country, reversing the long term trend of leaving. The unemployment numbers are looking great, and Regulations &amp; Taxes have been massively Cut! JOBS, JOBS, JOBS
.@MittRomney has announced he is running for the Senate from the wonderful State of Utah. He will make a great Senator and worthy successor to @OrrinHatch, and has my full support and endorsement!
Obama was President up to, and beyond, the 2016 Election. So why didn’t he do something about Russian meddling?
Have a great, but very reflective, President’s Day!
Just watched a very insecure Oprah Winfrey, who at one point I knew very well, interview a panel of people on 60 Minutes. The questions were biased and slanted, the facts incorrect. Hope Oprah runs so she can be exposed and defeated just like all of the others!
My great friends from NASCAR are having their big race today, The Daytona 500. Brian France and the France family are special people. Enjoy the race!
Thank you to KenStarr, former Independent Counsel, Whitewater, for your insight and powerful words on FISA abuse, Russian meddling etc. Really great interview with @MariaBartiromo
Great Pollster John McLaughlin now has the GOP up in the Generic Congressional Ballot. Big gain over last 4 weeks. I guess people are loving the big Tax Cuts given them by the Republicans, the Cuts the Dems want to take away. We need more Republicans!
The Fake News of big ratings loser CNN. https://t.co/rYsv90cnvs
If it was the GOAL of Russia to create discord, disruption and chaos within the U.S. then, with all of the Committee Hearings, Investigations and Party hatred, they have succeeded beyond their wildest dreams. They are laughing their asses off in Moscow. Get smart America!
Now that Adam Schiff is starting to blame President Obama for Russian meddling in the election, he is probably doing so as yet another excuse that the Democrats, lead by their fearless leader, Crooked Hillary Clinton, lost the 2016 election. But wasn’t I a great candidate?
I never said Russia did not meddle in the election, I said “it may be Russia, or China or another country or group, or it may be a 400 pound genius sitting in bed and playing with his computer.” The Russian “hoax” was that the Trump campaign colluded with Russia - it never did!
Finally, Liddle’ Adam Schiff, the leakin’ monster of no control, is now blaming the Obama Administration for Russian meddling in the 2016 Election. He is finally right about something. Obama was President, knew of the threat, and did nothing. Thank you Adam!
Never gotten over the fact that Obama was able to send $1.7 Billion Dollars in CASH to Iran and nobody in Congress, the FBI or Justice called for an investigation!
General McMaster forgot to say that the results of the 2016 election were not impacted or changed by the Russians and that the only Collusion was between Russia and Crooked H, the DNC and the Dems. Remember the Dirty Dossier, Uranium, Speeches, Emails and the Podesta Company!
Very sad that the FBI missed all of the many signals sent out by the Florida school shooter. This is not acceptable. They are spending too much time trying to prove Russian collusion with the Trump campaign - there is no collusion. Get back to the basics and make us all proud!
Just like they don’t want to solve the DACA problem, why didn’t the Democrats pass gun control legislation when they had both the House &amp; Senate during the Obama Administration. Because they didn’t want to, and now they just talk!
“I have seen all of the Russian ads and I can say very definitively that swaying the election was *NOT* the main goal.”Rob GoldmanVice President of Facebook Ads https://t.co/A5ft7cGJkE
The Fake News Media never fails. Hard to ignore this fact from the Vice President of Facebook Ads, Rob Goldman! https://t.co/XGC7ynZwYJ
Funny how the Fake News Media doesn’t want to say that the Russian group was formed in 2014, long before my run for President. Maybe they knew I was going to run even though I didn’t know!
Deputy A.G. Rod Rosenstein stated at the News Conference: “There is no allegation in the indictment that any American was a knowing participant in this illegal activity. There is no allegation in the indictment that the charged conduct altered the outcome of the 2016 election.
“Charges Deal Don A Big Win,” written by Michael Goodwin of the @nypost, succinctly states that “the Russians had no impact on the election results.” There was no Collusion with the Trump Campaign. “She lost the old-fashioned way, by being a terrible candidate. Case closed.”
Melania and I met such incredible people last night in Broward County, Florida. Will never forget them, or the evening!
Our entire Nation, w/one heavy heart, continues to pray for the victims &amp; their families in Parkland, FL. To teachers, law enforcement, first responders &amp; medical professionals who responded so bravely in the face of danger: We THANK YOU for your courage! https://t.co/3yJsrebZMG https://t.co/ti791dENTy
Russia started their anti-US campaign in 2014, long before I announced that I would run for President. The results of the election were not impacted. The Trump campaign did nothing wrong - no collusion!
Cannot believe how BADLY DACA recipients have been treated by the Democrats...totally abandoned! Republicans are still working hard.
I will be leaving for Florida today to meet with some of the bravest people on earth - but people whose lives have been totally shattered. Am also working with Congress on many fronts.
Presidential Proclamation Honoring the Victims of the Tragedy in Parkland, Florida: https://t.co/RTQWAKiSnR https://t.co/Nhs32bm5zB
...lottery, continues deadly catch-and-release, and bars enforcement even for FUTURE illegal immigrants. Voting for this amendment would be a vote AGAINST law enforcement, and a vote FOR open borders. If Dems are actually serious about DACA, they should support the Grassley bill!
The Schumer-Rounds-Collins immigration bill would be a total catastrophe. @DHSgov says it would be “the end of immigration enforcement in America.” It creates a giant amnesty (including for dangerous criminals), doesn’t build the wall, expands chain migration, keeps the visa...
In times of tragedy, the bonds that sustain us are those of family, faith, community, and country. These bonds are stronger than the forces of hatred and evil - and these bonds grow even stronger in the hours of our greatest need. https://t.co/bu140nscez https://t.co/OoTXMCSexB
While the Republicans and Democrats in Congress are working hard to come up with a solution to DACA, they should be strongly considering a system of Merit Based Immigration so that we will have the people ready, willing and able to help all of those companies moving into the USA!
So many signs that the Florida shooter was mentally disturbed, even expelled from school for bad and erratic behavior. Neighbors and classmates knew he was a big problem. Must always report such instances to authorities, again and again!
Just spoke to Governor Rick Scott. We are working closely with law enforcement on the terrible Florida school shooting.
My prayers and condolences to the families of the victims of the terrible Florida shooting. No child, teacher or anyone else should ever feel unsafe in an American school.
Today, I was honored to be joined by Republicans and Democrats from both the House and Senate, as well as members of my Cabinet - to discuss the urgent need to rebuild and restore America’s depleted infrastructure. https://t.co/8ByoQJsjTT https://t.co/BVBRDvHfcC
As we come together to celebrate the extraordinary contributions of African-Americans to our nation, our thoughts turn to the heroes of the civil rights movement whose courage and sacrifice have inspired us all. Proclamation: https://t.co/Sw1iGIJgWV https://t.co/Nx0AEKZy5p
Negotiations on DACA have begun. Republicans want to make a deal and Democrats say they want to make a deal. Wouldn’t it be great if we could finally, after so many years, solve the DACA puzzle. This will be our last chance, there will never be another opportunity! March 5th.
Our infrastructure plan has been put forward and has received great reviews by everyone except, of course, the Democrats. After many years we have taken care of our Military, now we have to fix our roads, bridges, tunnels, airports and more. Bipartisan, make deal Dems?
The journey to #MAGA began @CPAC 2011 and the opportunity to reconnect with friends and supporters is something I look forward to every year. See you at #CPAC2018!
Thank you to Sue Kruczek, who lost her wonderful and talented son Nick to the Opioid scourge, for your kind words while on @foxandfriends. We are fighting this terrible epidemic hard - Nick will not have died in vain!
This will be a big week for Infrastructure. After so stupidly spending $7 trillion in the Middle East, it is now time to start investing in OUR Country!
Just spoke to @JohnKasich to express condolences and prayers to all for the horrible shooting of two great police officers from @WestervillePD. This is a true tragedy!
Rep. Lou Barletta, a Great Republican from Pennsylvania who was one of my very earliest supporters, will make a FANTASTIC Senator. He is strong &amp; smart, loves Pennsylvania &amp; loves our Country! Voted for Tax Cuts, unlike Bob Casey, who listened to Tax Hikers Pelosi and Schumer!
4.2 million hard working Americans have already received a large Bonus and/or Pay Increase because of our recently Passed Tax Cut &amp; Jobs Bill....and it will only get better! We are far ahead of schedule.
So many positive things going on for the U.S.A. and the Fake News Media just doesn’t want to go there. Same negative stories over and over again! No wonder the People no longer trust the media, whose approval ratings are correctly at their lowest levels in history!    #MAGA
My Administration has identified three major priorities for creating a safe, modern and lawful immigration system: fully securing the border, ending chain migration, and canceling the visa lottery. Congress must secure the immigration system and protect Americans. https://t.co/xV1lgfhjBU
My thoughts and prayers are with the two police officers, their families, and everybody at the @WestervillePD. https://t.co/AoingY77Ky
Republicans want to fix DACA far more than the Democrats do. The Dems had all three branches of government back in 2008-2011, and they decided not to do anything about DACA. They only want to use it as a campaign issue. Vote Republican!
....agencies, not just the FBI &amp; DOJ, now the State Department to dig up dirt on him in the days leading up to the Election. Comey had conversations with Donald Trump, which I don’t believe were accurate...he leaked information (corrupt).” Tom Fitton of Judicial Watch on @FoxNews
“My view is that not only has Trump been vindicated in the last several weeks about the mishandling of the Dossier and the lies about the Clinton/DNC Dossier, it shows that he’s been victimized. He’s been victimized by the Obama Administration who were using all sorts of.......
Peoples lives are being shattered and destroyed by a mere allegation. Some are true and some are false. Some are old and some are new. There is no recovery for someone falsely accused - life and career are gone. Is there no such thing any longer as Due Process?
According to the @nytimes, a Russian sold phony secrets on “Trump” to the U.S. Asking price was $10 million, brought down to $1 million to be paid over time. I hope people are now seeing &amp; understanding what is going on here. It is all now starting to come out - DRAIN THE SWAMP!
The Democrats sent a very political and long response memo which they knew, because of sources and methods (and more), would have to be heavily redacted, whereupon they would blame the White House for lack of transparency. Told them to re-do and send back in proper form!
Jobless claims have dropped to a 45 year low!
Costs on non-military lines will never come down if we do not elect more Republicans in the 2018 Election, and beyond. This Bill is a BIG VICTORY for our Military, but much waste in order to get Dem votes. Fortunately, DACA not included in this Bill, negotiations to start now!
Without more Republicans in Congress, we were forced to increase spending on things we do not like or want in order to finally, after many years of depletion, take care of our Military. Sadly, we needed some Dem votes for passage. Must elect more Republicans in 2018 Election!
Just signed Bill. Our Military will now be stronger than ever before. We love and need our Military and gave them everything — and more. First time this has happened in a long time. Also means JOBS, JOBS, JOBS!
Wow! -Senator Mark Warner got caught having extensive contact with a lobbyist for a Russian oligarch. Warner did not want a “paper trail” on a “private” meeting (in London) he requested with Steele of fraudulent Dossier fame. All tied into Crooked Hillary.
Time to end the visa lottery. Congress must secure the immigration system and protect Americans. https://t.co/yukxm48x9X
As long as we open our eyes to God’s grace - and open our hearts to God’s love - then America will forever be the land of the free, the home of the brave, and a light unto all nations. #NationalPrayerBreakfast https://t.co/1cwxs3l0uK
I will be meeting with Henry Kissinger at 1:45pm. Will be discussing North Korea, China and the Middle East.
Our founders invoked our Creator four times in the Declaration of Independence. Our currency declares “IN GOD WE TRUST.” And we place our hands on our hearts as we recite the Pledge of Allegiance and proclaim that we are “One Nation Under God.” #NationalPrayerBreakfast https://t.co/zukP40Ezpo
Will be heading over shortly to make remarks at The National Prayer Breakfast in Washington. Great religious and political leaders, and many friends, including T.V. producer Mark Burnett of our wonderful 14 season Apprentice triumph, will be there. Looking forward to seeing all!
The Budget Agreement today is so important for our great Military. It ends the dangerous sequester and gives Secretary Mattis what he needs to keep America Great. Republicans and Democrats must support our troops and support this Bill!
Congratulations to the Republic of Korea on what will be a MAGNIFICENT Winter Olympics! What the South Korean people have built is truly an inspiration! https://t.co/giN2B1h6Ph
Best wishes to the Republic of Korea on hosting the @Olympics! What a wonderful opportunity to show everyone that you are a truly GREAT NATION! https://t.co/aboM2Up48y
NEW FBI TEXTS ARE BOMBSHELLS!
In the “old days,” when good news was reported, the Stock Market would go up. Today, when good news is reported, the Stock Market goes down. Big mistake, and we have so much good (great) news about the economy!
Congratulations @ElonMusk and @SpaceX on the successful #FalconHeavy launch. This achievement, along with @NASA’s commercial and international partners, continues to show American ingenuity at its best! https://t.co/eZfLSpyJPK
HAPPY BIRTHDAY to our 40th President of the United States of America, Ronald Reagan! https://t.co/JtEglBhm4c
Today, we heard the experiences of law enforcement professionals and community leaders working to combat the threat of MS-13, and the reforms we need from Congress to defeat it. Watch here: https://t.co/VPMTnko7Ik https://t.co/4OaXXuj9Va
We need a 21st century MERIT-BASED immigration system.  Chain migration and the visa lottery are outdated programs that hurt our economic and national security. https://t.co/rP9Gtr2E5N
Polling shows nearly 7 in 10 Americans support an immigration reform package that includes DACA, fully secures the border, ends chain migration &amp; cancels the visa lottery. If D’s oppose this deal, they aren’t serious about DACA-they just want open borders. https://t.co/XDMcDOr9vM
My prayers and best wishes are with the family of Edwin Jackson, a wonderful young man whose life was so senselessly taken. @Colts
So disgraceful that a person illegally in our country killed @Colts linebacker Edwin Jackson. This is just one of many such preventable tragedies. We must get the Dems to get tough on the Border, and with illegal immigration, FAST!
Thanks to the historic TAX CUTS that I signed into law, your paychecks are going way UP, your taxes are going way DOWN, and America is once again OPEN FOR BUSINESS! https://t.co/GISFbDDGXX
Representative Devin Nunes, a man of tremendous courage and grit, may someday be recognized as a Great American Hero for what he has exposed and what he has had to endure!
Any deal on DACA that does not include STRONG border security and the desperately needed WALL is a total waste of time. March 5th is rapidly approaching and the Dems seem not to care about DACA. Make a deal!
Little Adam Schiff, who is desperate to run for higher office, is one of the biggest liars and leakers in Washington, right up there with Comey, Warner, Brennan and Clapper! Adam leaves closed committee hearings to illegally leak confidential information. Must be stopped!
Thank you to @foxandfriends for exposing the truth. Perhaps that’s why your ratings are soooo much better than your untruthful competition!
The Democrats are pushing for Universal HealthCare while thousands of people are marching in the UK because their U system is going broke and not working. Dems want to greatly raise taxes for really bad and non-personal medical care. No thanks!
Congratulations to the Philadelphia Eagles on a great Super Bowl victory!
My thoughts and prayers are with all of the victims involved in this mornings train collision in South Carolina. Thank you to our incredible First Responders for the work they’ve done!
...a tool of anti-Trump political actors. This is unacceptable in a democracy and ought to alarm anyone who wants the FBI to be a nonpartisan enforcer of the law....The FBI wasn’t straight with Congress, as it hid most of these facts from investigators.” Wall Street Journal
“The four page memo released Friday reports the disturbing fact about how the FBI and FISA appear to have been used to influence the 2016 election and its aftermath....The FBI failed to inform the FISA court that the Clinton campaign had funded the dossier....the FBI became....
Great jobs numbers and finally, after many years, rising wages- and nobody even talks about them. Only Russia, Russia, Russia, despite the fact that, after a year of looking, there is No Collusion!
This memo totally vindicates “Trump” in probe. But the Russian Witch Hunt goes on and on. Their was no Collusion and there was no Obstruction (the word now used because, after one year of looking endlessly and finding NOTHING, collusion is dead). This is an American disgrace!
Rasmussen just announced that my approval rating jumped to 49%, a far better number than I had in winning the Election, and higher than certain “sacred cows.” Other Trump polls are way up also. So why does the media refuse to write this? Oh well, someday!
Today, it was my honor to join the great men and women of @DHSgov, @CustomsBorder, @ICEgov and @USCIS at the U.S. Customs and Border Protection National Targeting Center in Sterling, Virginia. Fact sheet: https://t.co/Q027Wgdzdo https://t.co/NecuA0y1Sk
“Trump the orator outlines the greatness of America to Democrats’ disgust” https://t.co/XpirrtTY6V
With 3.5 million Americans receiving bonuses or other benefits from their employers as a result of TAX CUTS, 2018 is off to great start!?Unemployment rate at 4.1%.?Average earnings up 2.9% in the last year.?200,000 new American jobs.?#MAGA???? https://t.co/upqSvBhRqJ
“You had Hillary Clinton and the Democratic Party try to hide the fact that they gave money to GPS Fusion to create a Dossier which was used by their allies in the Obama Administration to convince a Court misleadingly, by all accounts, to spy on the Trump Team.” Tom Fitton, JW
The top Leadership and Investigators of the FBI and the Justice Department have politicized the sacred investigative process in favor of Democrats and against Republicans - something which would have been unthinkable just a short time ago. Rank &amp; File are great people!
The Democrats just aren’t calling about DACA. Nancy Pelosi and Chuck Schumer have to get moving fast, or they’ll disappoint you again. We have a great chance to make a deal or, blame the Dems! March 5th is coming up fast.
Thank you for all of the nice compliments and reviews on the State of the Union speech. 45.6 million people watched, the highest number in history. @FoxNews beat every other Network, for the first time ever, with 11.7 million people tuning in. Delivered from the heart!
March 5th is rapidly approaching and the Democrats are doing nothing about DACA. They Resist, Blame, Complain and Obstruct - and do nothing. Start pushing Nancy Pelosi and the Dems to work out a DACA fix, NOW!
Heading to beautiful West Virginia to be with great members of the Republican Party. Will be planning Infrastructure and discussing Immigration and DACA, not easy when we have no support from the Democrats. NOT ONE DEM VOTED FOR OUR TAX CUT BILL! Need more Republicans in ‘18.
Join me live for the #SOTUhttps://t.co/0SLktWxfHi
Congratulations to America’s new Secretary of @HHSGov, Alex Azar! https://t.co/Y9inQaCt7o
Our economy is better than it has been in many decades. Businesses are coming back to America like never before. Chrysler, as an example, is leaving Mexico and coming back to the USA. Unemployment is nearing record lows. We are on the right track!
Somebody please inform Jay-Z that because of my policies, Black Unemployment has just been reported to be at the LOWEST RATE EVER RECORDED!
Democrats are not interested in Border Safety &amp; Security or in the funding and rebuilding of our Military. They are only interested in Obstruction!
I have offered DACA a wonderful deal, including a doubling in the number of recipients &amp; a twelve year pathway to citizenship, for two reasons: (1) Because the Republicans want to fix a long time terrible problem. (2) To show that Democrats do not want to solve DACA, only use it!
Taliban targeted innocent Afghans, brave police in Kabul today. Our thoughts and prayers go to the victims, and first responders. We will not allow the Taliban to win!
On Holocaust Remembrance Day we mourn and grieve the murder of 6 million innocent Jewish men, women and children, and the millions of others who perished in the evil Nazi Genocide. We pledge with all of our might and resolve: Never Again! https://t.co/PfHM7UiZ0C https://t.co/25W0SZHTOu
Thank you to Brandon Judd of the National Border Patrol Council for his strong statement on @foxandfriends that we very badly NEED THE WALL. Must also end loophole of “catch &amp; release” and clean up the legal and other procedures at the border NOW for Safety &amp; Security reasons.
Thank you for the wonderful welcome @WEF! #Davos2018 https://t.co/IQkoQJxR5B
DACA has been made increasingly difficult by the fact that Cryin’ Chuck Schumer took such a beating over the shutdown that he is unable to act on immigration!
Heading back from a very exciting two days in Davos, Switzerland. Speech on America’s economic revival was well received. Many of the people I met will be investing in the U.S.A.! #MAGA
Join me live at the 2018 World Economic Forum in Davos, Switzerland! #WEF18 https://t.co/fdHejCmv73 https://t.co/DuKJlVTWB8
Great bilateral meeting with President @Alain_Berset of the Swiss Confederation - as we continue to strengthen our great friendship. Such an honor to be in Switzerland! #WEF18 https://t.co/87pLrCpQkZ
It was an honor to meet with Republic of Rwanda President Paul Kagame this morning in Davos, Switzerland. Many great discussions! #WEF18 https://t.co/SaPzwVhDiB
Will be interviewed on  @SquawkCNBC by @JoeSquawk coming up at 6:00amE from Davos, Switzerland. Enjoy! #WEF18 https://t.co/7egYlxnFBd
Today, Americans everywhere remember the brave men and women of @NASA who lost their lives in our Nation’s eternal quest to expand the boundaries of human potential. https://t.co/clBsJTGz8B https://t.co/jTJkusdBQA
Very productive bilateral meeting with Prime Minister Benjamin @Netanyahu of Israel - in Davos, Switzerland! #WEF18 https://t.co/2sZM9YI7tJ
Great bilateral meeting with Prime Minister Theresa May of the United Kingdom, affirming the special relationship and our commitment to work together on key national security challenges and economic opportunities. #WEF18 https://t.co/FPP8aRDAyt
Will soon be heading to Davos, Switzerland, to tell the world how great America is and is doing. Our economy is now booming and with all I am doing, will only get better...Our country is finally WINNING again!
It was my great honor to welcome Mayor’s from across America to the WH. My Administration will always support local government - and listen to the leaders who know their communities best. Together, we will usher in a bold new era of Peace and Prosperity! https://t.co/dmYECTnk0a https://t.co/RSv7V7r0DT
Earlier today, I spoke with @GovMattBevin of Kentucky regarding yesterday’s shooting at Marshall County High School. My thoughts and prayers are with Bailey Holt, Preston Cope, their families, and all of the wounded victims who are in recovery. We are with you!
Tremendous investment by companies from all over the world being made in America. There has never been anything like it. Now Disney, J.P. Morgan Chase and many others. Massive Regulation Reduction and Tax Cuts are making us a powerhouse again. Long way to go! Jobs, Jobs, Jobs!
Cryin’ Chuck Schumer fully understands, especially after his humiliating defeat, that if there is no Wall, there is no DACA. We must have safety and security, together with a strong Military, for our great people!
Where are the 50,000 important text messages between FBI lovers Lisa Page and Peter Strzok?  Blaming Samsung!
Thank you to General John Kelly, who is doing a fantastic job, and all of the Staff and others in the White House, for a job well done. Long hours and Fake reporting makes your job more difficult, but it is always great to WIN, and few have won more than us!
Nobody knows for sure that the Republicans &amp; Democrats will be able to reach a deal on DACA by February 8, but everyone will be trying....with a big additional focus put on Military Strength and Border Security. The Dems have just learned that a Shutdown is not the answer!
In one of the biggest stories in a long time, the FBI now says it is missing five months worth of lovers Strzok-Page texts, perhaps 50,000, and all in prime time. Wow!
In one of the biggest stories in a long time, the FBI says it is now missing five months worth of lovers Strzok - Page texts, perhaps 50,000, all in prime time. Wow!
Even Crazy Jim Acosta of Fake News CNN agrees: “Trump World and WH sources dancing in end zone: Trump wins again...Schumer and Dems caved...gambled and lost.” Thank you for your honesty Jim!
Big win for Republicans as Democrats cave on Shutdown. Now I want a big win for everyone, including Republicans, Democrats and DACA, but especially for our Great Military and Border Security. Should be able to get there. See you at the negotiating table!
End the Democrats Obstruction! https://t.co/tzBXilvW1b
Democrats have shut down our government in the interests of their far left base. They don’t want to do it but are powerless!
The Democrats are turning down services and security for citizens in favor of services and security for non-citizens. Not good!
Thank you to Brad Blakeman on @FoxNews for grading year one of my presidency with an “A”-and likewise to Doug Schoen for the very good grade and statements. Working hard!
Great to see how hard Republicans are fighting for our Military and Safety at the Border. The Dems just want illegal immigrants to pour into our nation unchecked. If stalemate continues, Republicans should go to 51% (Nuclear Option) and vote on real, long term budget, no C.R.’s!
Eric Trump on @JudgeJeanine on @FoxNews now!
The Trump Administration has terminated more UNNECESSARY Regulation, in just twelve months, than any other Administration has terminated during their full term in office, no matter what the length. The good news is, THERE IS MUCH MORE TO COME!
Unprecedented success for our Country, in so many ways, since the Election. Record Stock Market, Strong on Military, Crime, Borders, &amp; ISIS, Judicial Strength &amp; Numbers, Lowest Unemployment for Women &amp; ALL, Massive Tax Cuts, end of Individual Mandate - and so much more. Big 2018!
Beautiful weather all over our great country, a perfect day for all Women to March. Get out there now to celebrate the historic milestones and unprecedented economic success and wealth creation that has taken place over the last 12 months. Lowest female unemployment in 18 years!
Democrats are holding our Military hostage over their desire to have unchecked illegal immigration. Can’t let that happen!
#AMERICA FIRST!
For those asking, the Republicans only have 51 votes in the Senate, and they need 60. That is why we need to win more Republicans in 2018 Election! We can then be even tougher on  Crime (and Border), and even better to our Military &amp; Veterans!
This is the One Year Anniversary of my Presidency and the Democrats wanted to give me a nice present. #DemocratShutdown
Democrats are far more concerned with Illegal Immigrants than they are with our great Military or Safety at our dangerous Southern Border. They could have easily made a deal but decided to play Shutdown politics instead. #WeNeedMoreRepublicansIn18 in order to power through mess!
Not looking good for our great Military or Safety &amp; Security on the very dangerous Southern Border. Dems want a Shutdown in order to help diminish the great success of the Tax Cuts, and what they are doing for our booming economy.
Excellent preliminary meeting in Oval with @SenSchumer - working on solutions for Security and our great Military together with @SenateMajLdr McConnell and @SpeakerRyan. Making progress - four week extension would be best!
Just signed 702 Bill to reauthorize foreign intelligence collection. This is NOT the same FISA law that was so wrongly abused during the election. I will always do the right thing for our country and put the safety of the American people first!
Today, I was honored and proud to address the 45th Annual @March_for_Life! You are living witnesses of this year’s March for Life theme: #LoveSavesLives. https://t.co/DMST4qhDmp
“Shutting down the government is a very serious thing. People die, accidents happen. I don’t know how I would vote right now on a CR, OK?”Sen. Dianne Feinstein (D-Calif)https://t.co/7xP3CBnv5j
.@WhiteHouse Briefing with Director Marc Short and Director Mick Mulvaney...https://t.co/0O0VsYXmHB
Government Funding Bill past last night in the House of Representatives. Now Democrats are needed if it is to pass in the Senate - but they want illegal immigration and weak borders. Shutdown coming? We need more Republican victories in 2018!
House of Representatives needs to pass Government Funding Bill tonight. So important for our country - our Military needs it!
AMERICA will once again be a NATION that thinks big, dreams bigger, and always reaches for the stars. YOU are the ones who will shape America’s destiny. YOU are the ones who will restore our prosperity. And YOU are the ones who are MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! #MAGA https://t.co/f2abNK47II
Departing Pittsburgh now, where it was my great honor to stand with our incredible workers, and to show the world that AMERICA is back - and we are coming back bigger and better and stronger than ever before! https://t.co/kWPgylqFzj
A government shutdown will be devastating to our military...something the Dems care very little about!
CHIP should be part of a long term solution, not a 30 Day, or short term, extension!
We need the Wall for the safety and security of our country. We need the Wall to help stop the massive inflow of drugs from Mexico, now rated the number one most dangerous country in the world. If there is no Wall, there is no Deal!
Will be going to Pennsylvania today in order to give my total support to RICK SACCONE, running for Congress in a Special Election (March 13). Rick is a great guy. We need more Republicans to continue our already successful agenda!
....The Wall will be paid for, directly or indirectly, or through longer term reimbursement, by Mexico, which has a ridiculous $71 billion dollar trade surplus with the U.S. The $20 billion dollar Wall is “peanuts” compared to what Mexico makes from the U.S. NAFTA is a bad joke!
The Wall is the Wall, it has never changed or evolved from the first day I conceived of it. Parts will be, of necessity, see through and it was never intended to be built in areas where there is natural protection such as mountains, wastelands or tough rivers or water.....
ISIS is in retreat, our economy is booming, investments and jobs are pouring back into the country, and so much more! Together there is nothing we can’t overcome--even a very biased media. We ARE Making America Great Again!
Despite some very corrupt and dishonest media coverage, there are many great reporters I respect and lots of GOOD NEWS for the American people to be proud of!
And the FAKE NEWS winners are...https://t.co/59G6x2f7fD
Main Street is BACK! Strongest Holiday Sales bump since the Great Recession -- beating forecasts by BILLIONS OF DOLLARS. https://t.co/kDcGbMieSt
During the campaign, I promised to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN by bringing businesses and jobs back to our country. I am very proud to see companies like Chrysler moving operations from Mexico to Michigan where there are so many great American workers! https://t.co/hz2q9UTfnF
I promised that my policies would allow companies like Apple to bring massive amounts of money back to the United States. Great to see Apple follow through as a result of TAX CUTS. Huge win for American workers and the USA! https://t.co/OwXVUyLOb1
Today, we witnessed an incredible moment in history – the presentation of Congress’ highest civilian honor to our friend, and true AMERICAN HERO, Bob Dole. #CongressionalGoldMedal https://t.co/qNQqDLRmCk
Eric Trump on @foxandfriends  now!
....we need to keep America safe, including moving away from a random chain migration and lottery system, to one that is merit-based. https://t.co/7PtoSFK1n2
New report from DOJ &amp; DHS shows that nearly 3 in 4 individuals convicted of terrorism-related charges are foreign-born. We have submitted to Congress a list of resources and reforms....
Today, it was my honor to welcome President Nursultan Nazarbayev of Kazakhstan to the @WhiteHouse! https://t.co/TerYFZViax
“President Donald J. Trump Proclaims January 16, 2018, as Religious Freedom Day” https://t.co/bD3R2dJfyp
Unemployment for Black Americans is the lowest ever recorded. Trump approval ratings with Black Americans has doubled. Thank you, and it will get even (much) better! @FoxNews
“90% of Trump 2017 news coverage was negative” -and much of it contrived!@foxandfriends
Do you notice the Fake News Mainstream Media never likes covering the great and record setting economic news, but rather talks about anything negative or that can be turned into the negative. The Russian Collusion Hoax is dead, except as it pertains to the Dems. Public gets it!
The Democrats want to shut down the Government over Amnesty for all and Border Security. The biggest loser will be our rapidly rebuilding Military, at a time we need it more than ever. We need a merit based system of immigration, and we need it now! No more dangerous Lottery.
We must have Security at our VERY DANGEROUS SOUTHERN BORDER, and we must have a great WALL to help protect us, and to help stop the massive inflow of drugs pouring into our country!
Senator Dicky Durbin totally misrepresented what was said at the DACA meeting. Deals can’t get made when there is no trust! Durbin blew DACA and is hurting our Military.
...to stop drugs, they want to take money away from our military which we cannot do.” My standard is very simple, AMERICA FIRST &amp; MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Statement by me last night in Florida: “Honestly, I don’t think the Democrats want to make a deal. They talk about DACA, but they don’t want to help..We are ready, willing and able to make a deal but they don’t want to. They don’t want security at the border, they don’t want.....
...big unnecessary regulation cuts made it all possible” (among many other things). “President Trump reversed the policies of President Obama, and reversed our economic decline.” Thank you Stuart Varney.  @foxandfriends
“President Trump is not getting the credit he deserves for the economy. Tax Cut bonuses to more than 2,000,000 workers. Most explosive Stock Market rally that we’ve seen in modern times. 18,000 to 26,000 from Election, and grounded in profitability and growth. All Trump, not 0...
I, as President, want people coming into our Country who are going to help us become strong and great again, people coming in through a system based on MERIT. No more Lotteries! #AMERICA FIRST
DACA is probably dead because the Democrats don’t really want it, they just want to talk and take desperately needed money away from our Military.
...and they knew exactly what I said and meant. They just wanted a story. FAKE NEWS!
The Wall Street Journal stated falsely that I said to them “I have a good relationship with Kim Jong Un” (of N. Korea). Obviously I didn’t say that. I said “I’d have a good relationship with Kim Jong Un,” a big difference. Fortunately we now record conversations with reporters...
So much Fake News is being reported. They don’t even try to get it right, or correct it when they are wrong. They promote the Fake Book of a mentally deranged author, who knowingly writes false information. The Mainstream Media is crazed that WE won the election!
I don’t believe the Democrats really want to see a deal on DACA. They are all talk and no action. This is the time but, day by day, they are blowing the one great opportunity they have. Too bad!
Yesterday was another big day for jobs and the Stock Market. Chrysler coming back to U.S. (Michigan) from Mexico and many more companies paying out Tax Cut money to employees. If Dems won in November, Market would have TANKED! It was headed for disaster.
AMERICA FIRST!
The Democrats are all talk and no action. They are doing nothing to fix DACA. Great opportunity missed. Too bad!
Yesterday was a big day for the stock market. Jobs are coming back to America. Chrysler is coming back to the USA, from Mexico and many others will follow. Tax cut money to employees is pouring into our economy with many more companies announcing. American business is hot again!
Today, it was my great honor to proclaim January 15, 2018, as Martin Luther King Jr., Federal Holiday. I encourage all Americans to observe this day with appropriate civic, community, and service activities in honor of Dr. King's life and legacy. https://t.co/samlJsz1Nt
Never said anything derogatory about Haitians other than Haiti is, obviously, a very poor and troubled country. Never said “take them out.” Made up by Dems. I have a wonderful relationship with Haitians. Probably should record future meetings - unfortunately, no trust!
Sadly, Democrats want to stop paying our troops and government workers in order to give a sweetheart deal, not a fair deal, for DACA. Take care of our Military, and our Country, FIRST!
The language used by me at the DACA meeting was tough, but this was not the language used. What was really tough was the outlandish proposal made - a big setback for DACA!
....Because of the Democrats not being interested in life and safety, DACA has now taken a big step backwards. The Dems will threaten “shutdown,” but what they are really doing is shutting down our military, at a time we need it most. Get smart, MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
....countries which are doing badly. I want a merit based system of immigration and people who will help take our country to the next level. I want safety and security for our people. I want to stop the massive inflow of drugs. I want to fund our military, not do a Dem defund....
The so-called bipartisan DACA deal presented yesterday to myself and a group of Republican Senators and Congressmen was a big step backwards. Wall was not properly funded, Chain &amp; Lottery were made worse and USA would be forced to take large numbers of people from high crime.....
Reason I canceled my trip to London is that I am not a big fan of the Obama Administration having sold perhaps the best located and finest embassy in London for “peanuts,” only to build a new one in an off location for 1.2 billion dollars. Bad deal. Wanted me to cut ribbon-NO!
The Democrats seem intent on having people and drugs pour into our country from the Southern Border, risking thousands of lives in the process. It is my duty to protect the lives and safety of all Americans. We must build a Great Wall, think Merit and end Lottery &amp; Chain. USA!
Democrat Dianne Feinstein should never have released secret committee testimony to the public without authorization. Very disrespectful to committee members and possibly illegal. She blamed her poor decision on the fact she had a cold - a first!
Chrysler is moving a massive plant from Mexico to Michigan, reversing a years long opposite trend. Thank you Chrysler, a very wise decision. The voters in Michigan are very happy they voted for Trump/Pence. Plenty of more to follow!
More great news as a result of historical Tax Cuts and Reform: Fiat Chrysler announces plan to invest more than $1 BILLION in Michigan plant, relocating their heavy-truck production from Mexico to Michigan, adding 2,500 new jobs and paying $2,000 bonus to U.S. employees! https://t.co/47azKD0l9B
Small Business Poll has highest approval numbers in the polls history. All business is just at the beginning of something really special!
Thank you Adam Levine, The Federalist, in interview on @foxandfriends  “Donald Trump is the greatest President our Country has ever seen.”
Yesterday, I signed the #INTERDICTAct (H.R. 2142) with bipartisan members of Congress to help end the flow of drugs into our country. Together, we are committed to doing everything we can to combat the deadly scourge of drug addiction and overdose in the United States! https://t.co/ELZvFol5Lo
Great news, as a result of our TAX CUTS &amp; JOBS ACT! https://t.co/SLvhLxP3Jl
With that being said, I have personally directed the fix to the unmasking process since taking office and today’s vote is about foreign surveillance of foreign bad guys on foreign land. We need it! Get smart!
“45 year low in illegal immigration this year.” @foxandfriends
“House votes on controversial FISA ACT today.” This is the act that may have been used, with the help of the discredited and phony Dossier, to so badly surveil and abuse the Trump Campaign by the previous administration and others?
In new Quinnipiac Poll, 66% of people feel the economy is “Excellent or Good.” That is the highest number ever recorded by this poll.
Disproven and paid for by Democrats “Dossier used to spy on Trump Campaign. Did FBI use Intel tool to influence the Election?” @foxandfriends  Did Dems or Clinton also pay Russians? Where are hidden and smashed DNC servers? Where are Crooked Hillary Emails?  What a mess!
Good news: Toyota and Mazda announce giant new Huntsville, Alabama, plant which will produce over 300,000 cars and SUV’s a year and employ 4000 people. Companies are coming back to the U.S. in a very big way. Congratulations Alabama!
Cutting taxes and simplifying regulations makes America the place to invest! Great news as Toyota and Mazda announce they are bringing 4,000 JOBS and investing $1.6 BILLION in Alabama, helping to further grow our economy! https://t.co/Kcg8IVH6iA
The United States needs the security of the Wall on the Southern Border, which must be part of any DACA approval. The safety and security of our country is #1! https://t.co/4CFzQXb5aS
Today, it was my great honor to welcome Prime Minister Erna Solberg of Norway to the @WhiteHouse - a great friend and ally of the United States! Joint press conference: https://t.co/qWR1BhfQZI https://t.co/PJvwznjRCO
I want to thank my @Cabinet for working tirelessly on behalf of our country. 2017 was a year of monumental achievement and we look forward to the year ahead. Together, we are delivering results and MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! https://t.co/ptXa1hAPwW https://t.co/yv6RALkQf3
The single greatest Witch Hunt in American history continues. There was no collusion, everybody including the Dems knows there was no collusion, &amp; yet on and on it goes. Russia &amp; the world is laughing at the stupidity they are witnessing. Republicans should finally take control!
The fact that Sneaky Dianne Feinstein, who has on numerous occasions stated that collusion between Trump/Russia has not been found, would release testimony in such an underhanded and possibly illegal way, totally without authorization, is a disgrace. Must have tough Primary!
It just shows everyone how broken and unfair our Court System is when the opposing side in a case (such as DACA) always runs to the 9th Circuit and almost always wins before being reversed by higher courts.
.@ICEgov HSI agents and ERO officers, on behalf of an entire Nation, THANK YOU for what you are doing 24/7/365 to keep fellow American’s SAFE. Everyone is so grateful!#LawEnforcementAppreciationDayPresident @realDonaldTrump https://t.co/HXCpTlruVo
Thank you @GOPLeader Kevin McCarthy! Couldn’t agree w/you more. TOGETHER, we are #MAGA???? https://t.co/QaxtqpyXTR
As I made very clear today, our country needs the security of the Wall on the Southern Border, which must be part of any DACA approval.
Today, it was my great honor to sign a new Executive Order to ensure Veterans have the resources they need as they transition back to civilian life. We must ensure that our HEROES are given the care and support they so richly deserve! https://t.co/0MdP9DDIAS https://t.co/LP2a8KCBAp
Thanks to all of the Republican and Democratic lawmakers for today’s very productive meeting on immigration reform. There was strong agreement to negotiate a bill that deals with border security, chain migration, lottery and DACA. https://t.co/SdqAQ3aL3z https://t.co/8DYHZHspAy
It was my great honor to sign H.R. 267, the “Martin Luther King, Jr. National Historical Park Act,” which redesignates the Martin Luther King, Junior, National Historic Site in the State of Georgia as the Martin Luther King, Jr. National Historical Park. https://t.co/Qe0b6HBFTY https://t.co/QTgaqTawPT
On behalf of the American people, THANK YOU to our incredible law enforcement officers. As President of the United States - I will fight for you, and I will never, ever let you down. Now, more than ever, we must support the men and women in blue! #LawEnforcementAppreciationDay https://t.co/Qb4uxB4JRm
We are fighting for our farmers, for our country, and for our GREAT AMERICAN FLAG. We want our flag respected - and we want our NATIONAL ANTHEM respected also! https://t.co/16eOLXg6Fi
In every decision we make, we are honoring America’s PROUD FARMING LEGACY. Years of crushing taxes, crippling regs, &amp; corrupt politics left our communities hurting, our economy stagnant, &amp; millions of hardworking Americans COMPLETELY FORGOTTEN. But they are not forgotten ANYMORE! https://t.co/MdYS7xnukQ
We have been working every day to DELIVER for America’s Farmers just as they work every day to deliver FOR US. #AFBF18 https://t.co/QDH7fvFkZ7
Can’t wait to be back in the amazing state of Tennessee to address the 99th American @FarmBureau Federation’s Annual Convention in Nashville! #AFBF18On my way now - join me LIVE at 4:00pmE: https://t.co/QaljAqekdD. https://t.co/Wm7Io0hYT8
African American unemployment is the lowest ever recorded in our country. The Hispanic unemployment rate dropped a full point in the last year and is close to the lowest in recorded history. Dems did nothing for you but get your vote!  #NeverForget  @foxandfriends
...Clinton in the WH, doubling down on Barack Obama’s failed policies, washes away any doubts that America made the right choice. This was truly a change election — and the changes Trump is bringing are far-reaching &amp; necessary.” Thank you Michael Goodwin! https://t.co/4fHNcx2Ydg
“His is turning out to be an enormously consequential presidency. So much so that, despite my own frustration over his missteps, there has never been a day when I wished Hillary Clinton were president. Not one. Indeed, as Trump’s accomplishments accumulate, the mere thought of...
The Stock Market has been creating tremendous benefits for our country in the form of not only Record Setting Stock Prices, but present and future Jobs, Jobs, Jobs. Seven TRILLION dollars of value created since our big election win!
The Fake News Awards, those going to the most corrupt &amp; biased of the Mainstream Media, will be presented to the losers on Wednesday, January 17th, rather than this coming Monday. The interest in, and importance of, these awards is far greater than anyone could have anticipated!
Jake Tapper of Fake News CNN just got destroyed in his interview with Stephen Miller of the Trump Administration. Watch the hatred and unfairness of this CNN flunky!
I’ve had to put up with the Fake News from the first day I announced that I would be running for President. Now I have to put up with a Fake Book, written by a totally discredited author. Ronald Reagan had the same problem and handled it well. So will I!
Leaving Camp David for the White House. Great meetings with the Cabinet and Military on many very important subjects including Border Security &amp; the desperately needed Wall, the ever increasing Drug and Opioid Problem, Infrastructure, Military, Budget, Trade and DACA.
....to President of the United States (on my first try). I think that would qualify as not smart, but genius....and a very stable genius at that!
....Actually, throughout my life, my two greatest assets have been mental stability and being, like, really smart. Crooked Hillary Clinton also played these cards very hard and, as everyone knows, went down in flames. I went from VERY successful businessman, to top T.V. Star.....
Now that Russian collusion, after one year of intense study, has proven to be a total hoax on the American public, the Democrats and their lapdogs, the Fake News Mainstream Media, are taking out the old Ronald Reagan playbook and screaming mental stability and intelligence.....
Brian Ross, the reporter who made a fraudulent live newscast about me that drove the Stock Market down 350 points (billions of dollars), was suspended for a month but is now back at ABC NEWS in a lower capacity. He is no longer allowed to report on Trump. Should have been fired!
The African American unemployment rate fell to 6.8%, the lowest rate in 45 years. I am so happy about this News! And, in the Washington Post (of all places), headline states, “Trumps first year jobs numbers were very, very good.”
Michael Wolff is a total loser who made up stories in order to sell this really boring and untruthful book. He used Sloppy Steve Bannon, who cried when he got fired and begged for his job. Now Sloppy Steve has been dumped like a dog by almost everyone. Too bad! https://t.co/mEeUhk5ZV9
Good idea Rand! https://t.co/55sqUDiC0s
The Mercer Family recently dumped the leaker known as Sloppy Steve Bannon. Smart!
Well, now that collusion with Russia is proving to be a total hoax and the only collusion is with Hillary Clinton and the FBI/Russia, the Fake News Media (Mainstream) and this phony new book are hitting out at every new front imaginable. They should try winning an election. Sad!
Dow goes from 18,589 on November 9, 2016, to 25,075 today, for a new all-time Record. Jumped 1000 points in last 5 weeks, Record fastest 1000 point move in history. This is all about the Make America Great Again agenda! Jobs, Jobs, Jobs. Six trillion dollars in value created!
The Fake News Media barely mentions the fact that the Stock Market just hit another New Record and that business in the U.S. is booming...but the people know! Can you imagine if “O” was president and had these numbers - would be biggest story on earth! Dow now over 25,000.
I authorized Zero access to White House (actually turned him down many times) for author of phony book! I never spoke to him for book. Full of lies, misrepresentations and sources that don’t exist. Look at this guy’s past and watch what happens to him and Sloppy Steve!
MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! https://t.co/iONbr1DkVk
Thank you to the great Republican Senators who showed up to our mtg on immigration reform. We must BUILD THE WALL, stop illegal immigration, end chain migration &amp; cancel the visa lottery. The current system is unsafe &amp; unfair to the great people of our country - time for change!
Dow just crashes through 25,000. Congrats! Big cuts in unnecessary regulations continuing.
So beautiful....Show this picture to the NFL players who still kneel! https://t.co/tJLM1tvbvb
With all of the failed “experts” weighing in, does anybody really believe that talks and dialogue would be going on between North and South Korea right now if I wasn’t firm, strong and willing to commit our total “might” against the North. Fools, but talks are a good thing!
As Americans, you need identification, sometimes in a very strong and accurate form, for almost everything you do.....except when it comes to the most important thing, VOTING for the people that run your country. Push hard for Voter Identification!
Many mostly Democrat States refused to hand over data from the 2016 Election to the Commission On Voter Fraud. They fought hard that the Commission not see their records or methods because they know that many people are voting illegally. System is rigged, must go to Voter I.D.
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Stock Market had another good day but, now that the Tax Cut Bill has passed, we have tremendous upward potential. Dow just short of 25,000, a number that few thought would be possible this soon into my administration. Also, unemployment went down to 4.1%. Only getting better!
“Some 40 U.S. companies have responded to President Trump’s tax cut and reform victory in Congress last year by handing out bonuses up to $2,000, increases in 401k matches and spending on charity, a much higher number than previously known.” https://t.co/bmWrwWzxMR
Melania and I are deeply saddened by the death of Thomas S. Monson, a beloved President of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints...https://t.co/ETD3fWtfU3
Such respect for the people of Iran as they try to take back their corrupt government. You will see great support from the United States at the appropriate time!
“President Trump has something now he didn’t have a year ago, that is a set of accomplishments that nobody can deny. The accomplishments are there, look at his record, he has had a very significant first year.” @LouDobbs Show,David Asman &amp; Ed Rollins
I will be announcing THE MOST DISHONEST &amp; CORRUPT MEDIA AWARDS OF THE YEAR on Monday at 5:00 o’clock. Subjects will cover Dishonesty &amp; Bad Reporting in various categories from the Fake News Media. Stay tuned!
North Korean Leader Kim Jong Un just stated that the “Nuclear Button is on his desk at all times.” Will someone from his depleted and food starved regime please inform him that I too have a Nuclear Button, but it is a much bigger &amp; more powerful one than his, and my Button works!
...peace treaty with Israel. We have taken Jerusalem, the toughest part of the negotiation, off the table, but Israel, for that, would have had to pay more. But with the Palestinians no longer willing to talk peace, why should we make any of these massive future payments to them?
It's not only Pakistan that we pay billions of dollars to for nothing, but also many other countries, and others. As an example, we pay the Palestinians HUNDRED OF MILLIONS OF DOLLARS a year and get no appreciation or respect. They don’t even want to negotiate a long overdue...
Congratulations to Senator Orrin Hatch on an absolutely incredible career. He has been a tremendous supporter, and I will never forget the (beyond kind) statements he has made about me as President. He is my friend and he will be greatly missed in the U.S. Senate! https://t.co/0VjzLEeHTl
We will not rest until all of America’s GREAT VETERANS can receive the care they so richly deserve. Tremendous progress has been made in a short period of time. Keep up the great work @SecShulkin @DeptVetAffairs! https://t.co/ir25vW15hx https://t.co/OtuzIgxMn6
Democrats are doing nothing for DACA - just interested in politics.  DACA activists and Hispanics will go hard against Dems, will start “falling in love” with Republicans and their President! We are about RESULTS.
....impartial journalists of a much higher standard, lose all of your phony and non-existent “sources,” and treat the President of the United States FAIRLY, so that the next time I (and the people) win, you won’t have to write an apology to your readers for a job poorly done! GL
The Failing New York Times has a new publisher, A.G. Sulzberger. Congratulations! Here is a last chance for the Times to fulfill the vision of its Founder, Adolph Ochs, “to give the news impartially, without fear or FAVOR, regardless of party, sect, or interests involved.” Get...
Since taking office I have been very strict on Commercial Aviation. Good news - it was just reported that there were Zero deaths in 2017, the best and safest year on record!
Sanctions and “other” pressures are beginning to have a big impact on North Korea. Soldiers are dangerously fleeing to South Korea. Rocket man now wants to talk to South Korea for first time. Perhaps that is good news, perhaps not - we will see!
Companies are giving big bonuses to their workers because of the Tax Cut Bill. Really great!
Thank you to Brandon Judd of the National Border Patrol Council for your kind words on how well we are doing at the Border. We will be bringing in more &amp; more of your great folks and will build the desperately needed WALL! @foxandfriends
Crooked Hillary Clinton’s top aid, Huma Abedin, has been accused of disregarding basic security protocols. She put Classified Passwords into the hands of foreign agents. Remember sailors pictures on submarine? Jail! Deep State Justice Dept must finally act? Also on Comey &amp; others
The people of Iran are finally acting against the brutal and corrupt Iranian regime. All of the money that President Obama so foolishly gave them went into terrorism and into their “pockets.” The people have little food, big inflation and no human rights. The U.S. is watching!
Will be leaving Florida for Washington (D.C.) today at 4:00 P.M. Much work to be done, but it will be a great New Year!
Iran is failing at every level despite the terrible deal made with them by the Obama Administration. The great Iranian people have been repressed for many years. They are hungry for food &amp; for freedom. Along with human rights, the wealth of Iran is being looted. TIME FOR CHANGE!
The United States has foolishly given Pakistan more than 33 billion dollars in aid over the last 15 years, and they have given us nothing but lies &amp; deceit, thinking of our leaders as fools. They give safe haven to the terrorists we hunt in Afghanistan, with little help. No more!
HAPPY NEW YEAR! We are MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN, and much faster than anyone thought possible!
As our Country rapidly grows stronger and smarter, I want to wish all of my friends, supporters, enemies, haters, and even the very dishonest Fake News Media, a Happy and Healthy New Year. 2018 will be a great year for America!
Iran, the Number One State of Sponsored Terror with numerous violations of Human Rights occurring on an hourly basis, has now closed down the Internet so that peaceful demonstrators cannot communicate. Not good!
What a year it’s been, and we're just getting started. Together, we are MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Happy New Year!! https://t.co/qsMNyN1UJG
My deepest condolences to the victims of the terrible shooting in Douglas County @DCSheriff, and their families. We love our police and law enforcement - God Bless them all! #LESM
Why would smart voters want to put Democrats in Congress in 2018 Election when their policies will totally kill the great wealth created during the months since the Election. People are much better off now not to mention ISIS, VA, Judges, Strong Border, 2nd A, Tax Cuts &amp; more?
If the Dems (Crooked Hillary) got elected, your stocks would be down 50% from values on Election Day. Now they have a great future - and just beginning! https://t.co/9TzSC8F8vY
Big protests in Iran. The people are finally getting wise as to how their money and wealth is being stolen and squandered on terrorism. Looks like they will not take it any longer. The USA is watching very closely for human rights violations!
“Trump Rally: Stocks put 2017 in the record books” https://t.co/0foQGaFjMh
Jobs are kicking in and companies are coming back to the U.S. Unnecessary regulations and high taxes are being dramatically Cut, and it will only get better. MUCH MORE TO COME!
I use Social Media not because I like to, but because it is the only way to fight a VERY dishonest and unfair “press,” now often referred to as Fake News Media. Phony and non-existent “sources” are being used more often than ever. Many stories &amp; reports a pure fiction!
On Taxes: “This is the biggest corporate rate cut ever, going back to the corporate income tax rate of roughly 80 years ago.This is a huge pro-growth stimulus for the economy. Every year the Obama WH overstated how the economy would grow. Now real economics and jobs.” @WSJ Report
Oppressive regimes cannot endure forever, and the day will come when the Iranian people will face a choice. The world is watching! https://t.co/kvv1uAqcZ9
The entire world understands that the good people of Iran want change, and, other than the vast military power of the United States, that Iran’s people are what their leaders fear the most.... https://t.co/W8rKN9B6RT
Many reports of peaceful protests by Iranian citizens fed up with regime’s corruption &amp; its squandering of the nation’s wealth to fund terrorism abroad. Iranian govt should respect their people’s rights, including right to express themselves. The world is watching! #IranProtests
The Democrats have been told, and fully understand, that there can be no DACA without the desperately needed WALL at the Southern Border and an END to the horrible Chain Migration &amp; ridiculous Lottery System of Immigration etc. We must protect our Country at all cost!
Why is the United States Post Office, which is losing many billions of dollars a year, while charging Amazon and others so little to deliver their packages, making Amazon richer and the Post Office dumber and poorer? Should be charging MUCH MORE!
While the Fake News loves to talk about my so-called low approval rating, @foxandfriends just showed that my rating on Dec. 28, 2017, was approximately the same as President Obama on Dec. 28, 2009, which was 47%...and this despite massive negative Trump coverage &amp; Russia hoax!
In the East, it could be the COLDEST New Year’s Eve on record. Perhaps we could use a little bit of that good old Global Warming that our Country, but not other countries, was going to pay TRILLIONS OF DOLLARS to protect against. Bundle up!
Together, we are MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! https://t.co/OeyTdFyl1Q https://t.co/wdLQkfdy4m
I've been saying it for a long, long time. #NoKo https://t.co/LQl7tGhMdO
Caught RED HANDED - very disappointed that China is allowing oil to go into North Korea. There will never be a friendly solution to the North Korea problem if this continues to happen!
Retail sales are at record numbers. We’ve got the economy going better than anyone ever dreamt - and you haven’t seen anything yet!
Vanity Fair, which looks like it is on its last legs, is bending over backwards in apologizing for the minor hit they took at Crooked H. Anna Wintour, who was all set to be Amb to Court of St James’s &amp; a big fundraiser for CH, is beside herself in grief &amp; begging for forgiveness!
“Arrests of MS-13 Members, Associates Up 83% Under Trump” https://t.co/70iPHy2Yqn
“On 1/20 - the day Trump was inaugurated - an estimated 35,000 ISIS fighters held approx 17,500 square miles of territory in both Iraq and Syria. As of 12/21, the U.S. military est the remaining 1,000 or so fighters occupy roughly 1,900 square miles..” @jamiejmcintyre @dcexaminer https://t.co/OgYEuDgzD2
Just left West Palm Beach Fire &amp; Rescue #2. Met with great men and women as representatives of those who do so much for all of us. Firefighters, paramedics, first responders - what amazing people they are!
“On 1/20 - the day Trump was inaugurated - an estimated 35,000 ISIS fighters held approx 17,500 square miles of territory in both Iraq and Syria. As of 12/21, the U.S. military estimates the remaining 1,000 or so fighters occupy roughly 1,900 square miles...” via @jamiejmcintyre https://t.co/0lXKMUoPE9
All signs are that business is looking really good for next year, only to be helped further by our Tax Cut Bill. Will be a great year for Companies and JOBS! Stock Market is poised for another year of SUCCESS!
WOW, @foxandfrlends  “Dossier is bogus. Clinton Campaign, DNC funded Dossier. FBI CANNOT (after all of this time) VERIFY CLAIMS IN DOSSIER OF RUSSIA/TRUMP COLLUSION. FBI TAINTED.” And they used this Crooked Hillary pile of garbage as the basis for going after the Trump Campaign!
Based on the fact that the very unfair and unpopular Individual Mandate has been terminated as part of our Tax Cut Bill, which essentially Repeals (over time) ObamaCare, the Democrats &amp; Republicans will eventually come together and develop a great new HealthCare plan!
I hope everyone is having a great Christmas, then tomorrow it’s back to work in order to Make America Great Again (which is happening faster than anyone anticipated)!
MERRY CHRISTMAS!!! https://t.co/mYtV5GNdLl
MERRY CHRISTMAS!! https://t.co/xa2qxcisVV
People are proud to be saying Merry Christmas again. I am proud to have led the charge against the assault of our cherished and beautiful phrase. MERRY CHRISTMAS!!!!!
The Tax Cut/Reform Bill, including Massive Alaska Drilling and the Repeal of the highly unpopular Individual Mandate, brought it all together as to what an incredible year we had. Don’t let the Fake News convince you otherwise...and our insider Polls are strong!
The Fake News refuses to talk about how Big and how Strong our BASE is. They show Fake Polls just like they report Fake News. Despite only negative reporting, we are doing well - nobody is going to beat us. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
.@FoxNews-FBI’s Andrew McCabe, “in addition to his wife getting all of this money from M (Clinton Puppet), he was using, allegedly, his FBI Official Email Account to promote her campaign. You obviously cannot do this. These were the people who were investigating Hillary Clinton.”
Remember, the Republicans are 5-0 in Congressional races this year. In Senate, I said Roy M would lose in Alabama and supported Big Luther Strange - and Roy lost. Virginia candidate was not a “Trumper,” and he lost.  Good Republican candidates will win BIG!
The Stock Market is setting record after record and unemployment is at a 17 year low. So many things accomplished by the Trump Administration, perhaps more than any other President in first year. Sadly, will never be reported correctly by the Fake News Media!
Wow, “FBI lawyer James Baker reassigned,” according to @FoxNews.
FBI Deputy Director Andrew McCabe is racing the clock to retire with full benefits. 90 days to go?!!!
How can FBI Deputy Director Andrew McCabe, the man in charge, along with leakin’ James Comey, of the Phony Hillary Clinton investigation (including her 33,000 illegally deleted emails) be given $700,000 for wife’s campaign by Clinton Puppets during investigation?
Remember, the most hated part of ObamaCare is the Individual Mandate, which is being terminated under our just signed Tax Cut Bill.
Today, it was my great honor to sign the largest TAX CUTS and reform in the history of our country. Full remarks: https://t.co/kMxoxEB68G https://t.co/OeAoA0sLfx
The United Nations Security Council just voted 15-0 in favor of additional Sanctions on North Korea. The World wants Peace, not Death!
Congressman Ron DeSantis is a brilliant young leader, Yale and then Harvard Law, who would make a GREAT Governor of Florida. He loves our Country and is a true FIGHTER!
95% of Americans will pay less or, at worst, the same amount of taxes (mostly far less). The Dems only want to raise your taxes!
Will be signing the biggest ever Tax Cut and Reform Bill in 30 minutes in Oval Office. Will also be signing a much needed 4 billion dollar missile defense bill.
With all my Administration has done on Legislative Approvals (broke Harry Truman’s Record), Regulation Cutting, Judicial Appointments, Building Military, VA, TAX CUTS &amp; REFORM, Record Economy/Stock Market and so much more, I am sure great credit will be given by mainstream news?
“The President has accomplished some absolutely historic things during this past year.” Thank you Charlie Kirk of Turning Points USA. Sadly, the Fake Mainstream Media will NEVER talk about our accomplishments in their end of year reviews. We are compiling a long &amp; beautiful list.
At some point, and for the good of the country, I predict we will start working with the Democrats in a Bipartisan fashion. Infrastructure would be a perfect place to start. After having foolishly spent $7 trillion in the Middle East, it is time to start rebuilding our country!
So true! https://t.co/1c8hu6O5t9
Our big and very popular Tax Cut and Reform Bill has taken on an unexpected new source of “love” - that is big companies and corporations showering their workers with bonuses. This is a phenomenon that nobody even thought of, and now it is the rage. Merry Christmas!
THANK YOU to everyone who joined me at the @WhiteHouse yesterday. Together, we are MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! https://t.co/9HgcBKDSxo https://t.co/dTMU8OwmWB
House Democrats want a SHUTDOWN for the holidays in order to distract from the very popular, just passed, Tax Cuts. House Republicans, don’t let this happen. Pass the C.R. TODAY and keep our Government OPEN!
Home Sales hit BEST numbers in 10 years! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN
Was @foxandfriends just named the most influential show in news? You deserve it - three great people! The many Fake News Hate Shows should study your formula for success!
The Massive Tax Cuts, which the Fake News Media is desperate to write badly about so as to please their Democrat bosses, will soon be kicking in and will speak for themselves. Companies are already making big payments to workers. Dems want to raise taxes, hate these big Cuts!
WE ARE MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! https://t.co/HY353gXV0R
We are delivering HISTORIC TAX RELIEF for the American people!#TaxCutsandJobsAct https://t.co/lLgATrCh5o
Together, we are MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! https://t.co/47k9i4p3J2
I would like to congratulate @SenateMajLdr on having done a fantastic job both strategically &amp; politically on the passing in the Senate of the MASSIVE TAX CUT &amp; Reform Bill. I could have not asked for a better or more talented partner. Our team will go onto many more VICTORIES!
The Tax Cuts are so large and so meaningful, and yet the Fake News is working overtime to follow the lead of their friends, the defeated Dems, and only demean. This is truly a case where the results will speak for themselves, starting very soon. Jobs, Jobs, Jobs!
The United States Senate just passed the biggest in history Tax Cut and Reform Bill. Terrible Individual Mandate (ObamaCare)Repealed. Goes to the House tomorrow morning for final vote. If approved, there will be a News Conference at The White House at approximately 1:00 P.M.
Congratulations to Paul Ryan, Kevin McCarthy, Kevin Brady, Steve Scalise, Cathy McMorris Rodgers and all great House Republicans who voted in favor of cutting your taxes!
A  story in the @washingtonpost that I was close to “rescinding” the nomination of Justice Gorsuch prior to confirmation is FAKE NEWS. I never even wavered and am very proud of him and the job he is doing as a Justice of the U.S. Supreme Court. The unnamed sources don’t exist!
Stocks and the economy have a long way to go after the Tax Cut Bill is totally understood and appreciated in scope and size. Immediate expensing will have a big impact. Biggest Tax Cuts and Reform EVER passed. Enjoy, and create many beautiful JOBS!
DOW RISES 5000 POINTS ON THE YEAR FOR THE FIRST TIME EVER - MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Together, our task is to strengthen our families, to build up our communities, to serve our citizens, and to celebrate AMERICAN GREATNESS as a shining example to the world.... https://t.co/ds6tZlgJpA
With the strategy that I announced today, we are declaring that AMERICA is in the game and AMERICA is DETERMINED to WIN!OUR FOUR PILLARS OF NATIONAL SECURITY STRATEGY: https://t.co/B3POaMVID8
70 Record Closes for the Dow so far this year! We have NEVER had 70 Dow Records in a one year period. Wow!
Thank you Maria B! https://t.co/v1UR63CqLK
So true Ivanka! https://t.co/BNGUJG69Ki
As the world watches, we are days away from passing HISTORIC TAX CUTS for American families and businesses. It will be the BIGGEST TAX CUT and TAX REFORM in the HISTORY of our country! https://t.co/EvcAkjuf8w
When the American People speak, ALL OF US should listen. Just over one year ago, you spoke loud and clear. On November 8, 2016, you voted to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! https://t.co/3AOv53S0PU
Over the past 11 months, I have travelled tens of thousands of miles, to visit 13 countries. I have met with more than 100 world leaders and everywhere I traveled, it was my highest privilege and greatest honor to represent the AMERICAN PEOPLE! https://t.co/7SDsEeIhJH
Our deepest sympathies and most heartfelt prayers are with the victims of the train derailment in Washington State. We are closely monitoring the situation and coordinating with local authorities... https://t.co/Gyf5BdVm4G
My thoughts and prayers are with everyone involved in the train accident in DuPont, Washington. Thank you to all of our wonderful First Responders who are on the scene. We are currently monitoring here at the White House.
The train accident that just occurred in DuPont, WA shows more than ever why our soon to be submitted infrastructure plan must be approved quickly. Seven trillion dollars spent in the Middle East while our roads, bridges, tunnels, railways (and more) crumble! Not for long!
Ivanka Trump will be interviewed on @foxandfriends.
Remember, Republicans are 5-0 in Congressional Races this year. The media refuses to mention this. I said Gillespie and Moore would lose (for very different reasons), and they did. I also predicted  “I” would win. Republicans will do well in 2018, very well! @foxandfriends
More than a century after conquering flight, the #WrightBrothers continue to motivate &amp; inspire Americans, who never tire of exploration &amp; innovation. This GREAT AMERICAN SPIRIT can be found in the design of every new supersonic jet and next generation: https://t.co/NeKPMgkdg8 https://t.co/pODjl00lAy
Wonderful weekend at Camp David. A very special place. A lot of very important work done. Heading back to the @WhiteHouse now. https://t.co/cKxlsdr1ut
As a candidate, I promised we would pass a massive TAX CUT for the everyday working American families who are the backbone and the heartbeat of our country. Now, we are just days away... https://t.co/MADTGUMktX
WEEKLY ADDRESS???? https://t.co/1sH20Hb33x
TAX CUTS will increase investment in the American economy and in U.S. workers, leading to higher growth, higher wages, and more JOBS! https://t.co/4GxM8psMU1
Congratulations to two great and hardworking guys, Corey Lewandowski and David Bossie, on the success of their just out book, “Let Trump Be Trump.” Finally people with real knowledge are writing about our wonderful and exciting campaign!
Great job Kevin, we are all proud of you! https://t.co/K6hEEaOxKt
DOW, S&amp;P 500 and NASDAQ close at record highs! #MAGA https://t.co/hvqwnqSGuG
Today, it was my tremendous honor to visit Marine Helicopter Squadron One (HMX-1) at the Marine Corps Air Facility in Quantico, Virginia. I am honored to serve as your Commander-in-Chief. On behalf of an entire Nation, THANK YOU for your sacrifice and service. We love you! https://t.co/eLOTc7do52
You are always there for us – THE MEN AND WOMEN IN BLUE.Thank you to our police, thank you to our sheriffs, and thank you to our law enforcement families. God Bless you all, and GOD BLESS AMERICA! #LESM https://t.co/9ejiddVL9h
To each member of the graduating class from the National Academy at Quantico, CONGRATULATIONS! https://t.co/bGT8S33ZLU
It was my honor. THANK YOU! https://t.co/1LvqbRQ1bi
“Manufacturing Optimism Rose to Another All-Time High in the Latest @ShopFloorNAM Outlook Survey” https://t.co/LuV4BMp0Xc
In 1960, there were approximately 20,000 pages in the Code of Federal Regulations. Today there are over 185,000 pages, as seen in the Roosevelt Room.Today, we CUT THE RED TAPE! It is time to SET FREE OUR DREAMS and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! https://t.co/teAVNzjvcx
When Americans are free to thrive, innovate, &amp; prosper, there is no challenge too great, no task too large, &amp; no goal beyond our reach. We are a nation of explorers, pioneers, innovators &amp; inventors. We are nation of people who work hard, dream big, &amp; who never, ever give up... https://t.co/9LVdp6zOgZ
Today, we gathered in the Roosevelt Room for one single reason: to CUT THE RED TAPE! For many decades, an ever-growing maze of regs, rules, and restrictions has cost our country trillions of dollars, millions of jobs, countless American factories, &amp; devastated entire industries. https://t.co/ostXOVnckf
As a candidate, I promised we would pass a massive tax cut for the everyday, working Americans. If you make your voices heard, this moment will be forever remembered as a great new beginning – the dawn of a brilliant American future shining with PATRIOTISM, PROSPERITY AND PRIDE! https://t.co/exsBzrlCdw
Republican Tax Cuts are looking very good. All are working hard. In the meantime, the Stock Market hit another record high!
Thank you Omarosa for your service! I wish you continued success.
If last night’s election proved anything, it proved that we need to put up GREAT Republican candidates to increase the razor thin margins in both the House and Senate.
Wow, more than 90% of Fake News Media coverage of me is negative, with numerous forced retractions of untrue stories. Hence my use of Social Media, the only way to get the truth out. Much of Mainstream Meadia has become a joke! @foxandfriends
The reason I originally endorsed Luther Strange (and his numbers went up mightily), is that I said Roy Moore will not be able to win the General Election.  I was right! Roy worked hard but the deck was stacked against him!
Congratulations to Doug Jones on a hard fought victory. The write-in votes played a very big factor, but a win is a win. The people of Alabama are great, and the Republicans will have another shot at this seat in a very short period of time. It never ends!
Wishing all of those celebrating #Hanukkah around the world a happy and healthy eight nights in the company of those they love. https://t.co/A5W0PDWBxp https://t.co/D9MVVPq39x
Consumer Confidence is at an All-Time High, along with a Record High Stock Market. Unemployment is at a 17 year low. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Working to pass MASSIVE TAX CUTS (looking good).
The people of Alabama will do the right thing. Doug Jones is Pro-Abortion, weak on Crime, Military and Illegal Immigration, Bad for Gun Owners and Veterans and against the WALL. Jones is a Pelosi/Schumer Puppet. Roy Moore will always vote with us. VOTE ROY MOORE!
Lightweight Senator Kirsten Gillibrand, a total flunky for Chuck Schumer and someone who would come to my office “begging” for campaign contributions not so long ago (and would do anything for them), is now in the ring fighting against Trump. Very disloyal to Bill &amp; Crooked-USED!
Despite thousands of hours wasted and many millions of dollars spent, the Democrats have been unable to show any collusion with Russia - so now they are moving on to the false accusations and fabricated stories of women who I don’t know and/or have never met. FAKE NEWS!
Another false story, this time in the Failing @nytimes, that I watch 4-8 hours of television a day - Wrong!  Also, I seldom, if ever, watch CNN or MSNBC, both of which I consider Fake News. I never watch Don Lemon, who I once called the “dumbest man on television!” Bad Reporting.
Very little discussion of all the purposely false and defamatory stories put out this week by the Fake News Media. They are out of control - correct reporting means nothing to them. Major lies written, then forced to be withdrawn after they are exposed...a stain on America!
Getting closer and closer on the Tax Cut Bill. Shaping up even better than projected. House and Senate working very hard and smart. End result will be not only important, but SPECIAL!
Things are going really well for our economy, a subject the Fake News spends as little time as possible discussing! Stock Market hit another RECORD HIGH, unemployment is now at a 17 year low and companies are coming back into the USA. Really good news, and much more to come!
No American should be separated from their loved ones because of preventable crime committed by those illegally in our country. Our cities should be Sanctuaries for Americans – not for criminal aliens! https://t.co/CvtkCG1pln
Great Army - Navy Game. Army wins 14 to 13 and brings home the COMMANDER-IN-CHIEF’S TROPHY! Congratulations!
Great Army - Navy Game. Army wins 14 to 13 and brings home the COMMANDER-IN-CHIEF’S TROPHY (last time was 1996). Wow! Congratulations!
.@daveweigel of the Washington Post just admitted that his picture was a FAKE (fraud?) showing an almost empty arena last night for my speech in Pensacola when, in fact, he knew the arena was packed (as shown also on T.V.). FAKE NEWS, he should be fired.
.@DaveWeigel @WashingtonPost put out a phony photo of an empty arena hours before I arrived @ the venue, w/ thousands of people outside, on their way in. Real photos now shown as I spoke. Packed house, many people unable to get in. Demand apology &amp; retraction from FAKE NEWS WaPo! https://t.co/XAblFGh1ob
Have a great game today, @USArmy and @USNavy - I will be watching. We love our U.S. Military. On behalf of an entire Nation, THANK YOU for your sacrifice and service! #ArmyNavyGame #USA???? https://t.co/8m1W9rFwIh
It was my great honor to celebrate the opening of two extraordinary museums-the Mississippi State History Museum &amp; the Mississippi Civil Rights Museum. We pay solemn tribute to our heroes of the past &amp; dedicate ourselves to building a future of freedom, equality, justice &amp; peace. https://t.co/5AkgVpV8aa
Heading to the great state of Mississippi at the invitation of their popular and respected Governor, @PhilBryantMS. Look forward to seeing the new Civil Rights Museum!
CNN’S slogan is CNN, THE MOST TRUSTED NAME IN NEWS. Everyone knows this is not true, that this could, in fact, be a fraud on the American Public. There are many outlets that are far more trusted than Fake News CNN. Their slogan should be CNN, THE LEAST TRUSTED NAME IN NEWS!
Fake News CNN made a vicious and purposeful mistake yesterday. They were caught red handed, just like lonely Brian Ross at ABC News (who should be immediately fired for his “mistake”). Watch to see if @CNN fires those responsible, or was it just gross incompetence?
A big contingent of very enthusiastic Roy Moore fans at the rally last night. We can’t have a Pelosi/Schumer Liberal Democrat, Jones, in that important Alabama Senate seat. Need your vote to Make America Great Again! Jones will always vote against what we must do for our Country.
GREAT EVENING last night in Pensacola, Florida. Arena was packed to the rafters, the crowd was loud, loving and really smart. They definitely get what’s going on. Thank you Pensacola!
We believe that every American should stand for the National Anthem, and we proudly pledge allegiance to one NATION UNDER GOD! https://t.co/r2ITtWwfVs
This is your land, this is your home, and it's your voice that matters the most. So speak up, be heard, and fight, fight, fight for the change you've been waiting for your entire life!MERRY CHRISTMAS and THANK YOU Pensacola, Florida! https://t.co/geWGzpzRp6
Just arrived at the Pensacola Bay Center. Join me LIVE on @FoxNews in 10 minutes! #MAGA https://t.co/RQFqOkcpNV
On my way to Pensacola, Florida. See everyone soon! #MAGA https://t.co/ijwxVSYQ52
“The unemployment rate remains at a 17-year low of 4.1%. The unemployment rate in manufacturing dropped to 2.6%, the lowest ever recorded. The unemployment rate among Hispanics dropped to 4.7%, the lowest ever recorded...”@SecretaryAcosta @USDOL https://t.co/vou28s0yHN
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! https://t.co/64a93S07s7
Fines and penalties against Wells Fargo Bank for their bad acts against their customers and others will not be dropped, as has incorrectly been reported, but will be pursued and, if anything, substantially increased. I will cut Regs but make penalties severe when caught cheating!
LAST thing the Make America Great Again Agenda needs is a Liberal Democrat in Senate where we have so little margin for victory already. The Pelosi/Schumer Puppet Jones would vote against us 100% of the time. He’s bad on Crime, Life, Border, Vets, Guns &amp; Military. VOTE ROY MOORE!
Big crowd expected today in Pensacola, Florida, for a Make America Great Again speech. We have done so much in so short a period of time...and yet are planning to do so much more! See you there!
I fulfilled my campaign promise - others didn’t! https://t.co/bYdaOHmPVJ
Tonight, @FLOTUS Melania and I were thrilled to welcome so many wonderful friends to the @WhiteHouse – and wish them all a very #HappyHanukkahhttps://t.co/wyPkpTsP1i https://t.co/XhNXZSBEC8
Across the battlefields, oceans, and harrowing skies of Europe and the Pacific throughout the war, one great battle cry could be heard by America’s friends and foes alike:“REMEMBER PEARL HARBOR.” https://t.co/dfev02TwIr
Today, as we Remember Pearl Harbor, it was an incredible honor to be joined with surviving Veterans of the attack on 12/7/1941. They are HEROES, and they are living witnesses to American History. All American hearts are filled with gratitude for their service and their sacrifice. https://t.co/x5LDl25o30
Today, the U.S. flag flies at half-staff at the @WhiteHouse, in honor of National Pearl Harbor Remembrance Day. https://t.co/LkXsBx2JF8 https://t.co/ogmpydr5LK
Today, our entire nation pauses to REMEMBER PEARL HARBOR—and the brave warriors who on that day stood tall and fought for America. God Bless our HEROES who wear the uniform, and God Bless the United States of America. #PearlHarborRemembranceDay???? https://t.co/qGhlsPlxtH
National Pearl Harbor Remembrance Day - “A day that will live in infamy!” December 7, 1941
Go get the new book on Andrew Jackson by Brian Kilmeade...Really good. @foxandfriends
I have determined that it is time to officially recognize Jerusalem as the capital of Israel. I am also directing the State Department to begin preparation to move the American Embassy from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem... https://t.co/YwgWmT0O8m
Join me live from the @WhiteHouse via #Periscopehttps://t.co/wLXKoISSTG
Our thoughts and prayers are with everyone in the path of California’s wildfires. I encourage everyone to heed the advice and orders of local and state officials. THANK YOU to all First Responders for your incredible work! https://t.co/g9y9PkB352
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Join me this Friday in Pensacola, Florida at the Pensacola Bay Center! Tickets: https://t.co/zA7SGgWqBE https://t.co/QzFdxQdgAL
Yesterday, I was thrilled to be with so many WONDERFUL friends, in Utah’s MAGNIFICENT Capitol.It was my honor to sign two Presidential Proclamations that will modify the national monuments designations of both Bears Ears and Grand Staircase Escalante...https://t.co/jiTHcPovCi https://t.co/dIpdAUVoRB
A must watch: Legal Scholar Alan Dershowitz was just on @foxandfriends talking of what is going on with respect to the greatest Witch Hunt in U.S. political history. Enjoy!
With the great vote on Cutting Taxes, this could be a big day for the Stock Market - and YOU!
Putting Pelosi/Schumer Liberal Puppet Jones into office in Alabama would hurt our great Republican Agenda of low on taxes, tough on crime, strong on military and borders...&amp; so much more. Look at your 401-k’s since Election. Highest Stock Market EVER! Jobs are roaring back!
Democrats refusal to give even one vote for massive Tax Cuts is why we need Republican Roy Moore to win in Alabama. We need his vote on stopping crime, illegal immigration, Border Wall, Military, Pro Life, V.A., Judges 2nd Amendment and more. No to Jones, a Pelosi/Schumer Puppet!
Report: “ANTI-TRUMP FBI AGENT LED CLINTON EMAIL PROBE”  Now it all starts to make sense!
People who lost money when the Stock Market went down 350 points based on the False and Dishonest reporting of Brian Ross of @ABC News (he has been suspended), should consider hiring a lawyer and suing ABC for the damages this bad reporting has caused - many millions of dollars!
After years of Comey, with the phony and dishonest Clinton investigation (and more), running the FBI, its reputation is in Tatters - worst in History! But fear not, we will bring it back to greatness.
Tainted (no, very dishonest?) FBI “agent’s role in Clinton probe under review.” Led Clinton Email probe. @foxandfriends  Clinton money going to wife of another FBI agent in charge.
Such a total miscarriage of Justice in San Francisco! https://t.co/MSIkBCKF3t
I never asked Comey to stop investigating Flynn. Just more Fake News covering another Comey lie!
Congratulations to @ABC News for suspending Brian Ross for his horrendously inaccurate and dishonest report on the Russia, Russia, Russia Witch Hunt. More Networks and “papers” should do the same with their Fake News!
Many people in our Country are asking what the “Justice” Department is going to do about the fact that totally Crooked Hillary, AFTER receiving a subpoena from the United States Congress, deleted and “acid washed” 33,000 Emails? No justice!
So General Flynn lies to the FBI and his life is destroyed, while Crooked Hillary Clinton, on that now famous FBI holiday “interrogation” with no swearing in and no recording, lies many times...and nothing happens to her? Rigged system, or just a double standard?
Great job First Lady Melania! https://t.co/TRuvaftPcD
62 years ago this week, a brave seamstress in Montgomery, Alabama uttered one word that changed history... https://t.co/eOvCBcMIKX
I had to fire General Flynn because he lied to the Vice President and the FBI. He has pled guilty to those lies. It is a shame because his actions during the transition were lawful. There was nothing to hide!
Biggest Tax Bill and Tax Cuts in history just passed in the Senate. Now these great Republicans will be going for final passage. Thank you to House and Senate Republicans for your hard work and commitment!
We are one step closer to delivering MASSIVE tax cuts for working families across America. Special thanks to @SenateMajLdr Mitch McConnell and Chairman @SenOrrinHatch for shepherding our bill through the Senate. Look forward to signing a final bill before Christmas! https://t.co/gmWTny3SfS
Economists on the TAX CUTS and JOBS ACT:“The enactment of a comprehensive overhaul - complete with a lower corporate tax rate - will IGNITE our ECONOMY with levels of GROWTH not SEEN IN GENERATIONS...” https://t.co/2vCBDtLh3C
The media has been speculating that I fired Rex Tillerson or that he would be leaving soon - FAKE NEWS! He’s not leaving and while we disagree on certain subjects, (I call the final shots) we work well together and America is highly respected again!https://t.co/FrqiPLFJ1E
Republicans Senators are working hard to pass the biggest Tax Cuts in the history of our Country. The Bill is getting better and better. This is a once in a generation chance. Obstructionist Dems trying to block because they think it is too good and will not be given the credit!
The jury was not told the killer of Kate was a 7 time felon. The Schumer/Pelosi Democrats are so weak on Crime that they will pay a big price in the 2018 and 2020 Elections.
The Kate Steinle killer came back and back over the weakly protected Obama border, always committing crimes and being violent, and yet this info was not used in court. His exoneration is a complete travesty of justice. BUILD THE WALL!
A disgraceful verdict in the Kate Steinle case! No wonder the people of our Country are so angry with Illegal Immigration.
The Christmas Story begins 2,000 years ago with a mother, a father, their baby son and the most extraordinary gift of all—the gift of God’s love for all of humanity.Whatever our beliefs, we know that the birth of Jesus Christ and the story of his life... https://t.co/P94C3LjWlx
Today is a day that I’ve been looking very much forward to ALL YEAR LONG. It is one that you have heard me speak about many times before. Now, as President of the United States, it is my tremendous honor to finally wish America and the world, a very MERRY CHRISTMAS! https://t.co/cTvdlUkfHV
Our FIFTH 1K milestone of 2017!#DOW24K #MAGA https://t.co/NoVt1uFp0y
Today, it was my great honor to meet with the Crown Prince of Bahrain at the @WhiteHouse. Bahrain and the United States are important partners.During the Crown Prince’s visit, he is advancing $9 BILLION in commercial deals, including finalizing the purchase of F-16’s... https://t.co/vYuw7UGYmN
Thank you @SenOrrinHatch. Let’s continue MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! https://t.co/PIv9OAVZcf https://t.co/6egRvuwj1l
The Dow just broke 24,000 for the first time (another all-time Record). If the Dems had won the Presidential Election, the Market would be down 50% from these levels and Consumer Confidence, which is also at an all-time high, would be “low and glum!”
Stock Market hits new Record High. Confidence and enthusiasm abound. More great numbers coming out!
The Chinese Envoy, who just returned from North Korea, seems to have had no impact on Little Rocket Man. Hard to believe his people, and the military, put up with living in such horrible conditions. Russia and China condemned the launch.
The Failing @nytimes has totally gone against the Social Media Guidelines that they installed to preserve some credibility after many of their biased reporters went Rogue!  @foxandfriends
The Failing @nytimes, the pipe organ for the Democrat Party, has become a virtual lobbyist for them with regard to our massive Tax Cut Bill. They are wrong so often that now I know we have a winner!
Funny to hear the Democrats talking about the National Debt when President Obama doubled it in only 8 years!
“Had the information (Crooked Hillary’s emails) been released there would have been harm to National Security...."Charles McCulloughFmr Intel Comm Inspector General https://t.co/b0tLW5TVhX
The only people who don’t like the Tax Cut Bill are the people that don’t understand it or the Obstructionist Democrats that know how really good it is and do not want the credit and success to go to the Republicans!
The House of Representatives seeks contempt citations(?) against the JusticeDepartment and the FBI for withholding key documents and an FBI witness which could shed light on surveillance of associates of Donald Trump. Big stuff. Deep State. Give this information NOW! @FoxNews
.@Theresa_May, don’t focus on me, focus on the destructive Radical Islamic Terrorism that is taking place within the United Kingdom. We are doing just fine!
Theresa @theresamay, don’t focus on me, focus on the destructive Radical Islamic Terrorism that is taking place within the United Kingdom. We are doing just fine!
Now, we have a once in a lifetime opportunity to RESTORE AMERICAN PROSPERITY – and RECLAIM AMERICA’S DESTINY.But in order to achieve this bright and glowing future, the SENATE MUST PASS TAX CUTS – and bring Main Street roaring back to life!https://t.co/jMNwEMrbbr https://t.co/3Niu0thp1D
A vote to CUT TAXES is a vote to PUT AMERICA FIRST. It is time to take care of OUR WORKERS, to protect OUR COMMUNITIES, and to REBUILD OUR GREAT COUNTRY! https://t.co/wW3QNxcCHf https://t.co/sRL2yRK6k2
This week, the Senate can join the House &amp; take a strong stand for the Middle Class families who are the backbone of America. Together, we will give the American people a big, beautiful Christmas present-a massive tax cut that lets Americans keep more of their HARD-EARNED MONEY! https://t.co/9jddEW2Oo5
Departing @JBA_NAFW for St. Charles, Missouri to help push our plan for HISTORIC TAX CUTS across the finish line.A successful vote in the Senate this week will bring us one giant step closer to delivering an incredible victory for the American people!https://t.co/jR1DEUnm2h https://t.co/XF9sRwdV8u
Economy growing! Excluding hurricane effects, CEA estimates that real GDP growth would have been 3.9% in Q3.Stock market at a new high, unemployment at a low. We are winning and TAX CUTS will shift our economy into high gear! https://t.co/HrKIF72VqE
Just spoke to President XI JINPING of China concerning the provocative actions of North Korea. Additional major sanctions will be imposed on North Korea today. This situation will be handled!
So now that Matt Lauer is gone when will the Fake News practitioners at NBC be terminating the contract of Phil Griffin? And will they terminate low ratings Joe Scarborough based on the “unsolved mystery” that took place in Florida years ago? Investigate!
So now tha Matt Lauer is gone when will the Fake News practitioners at NBC be terminating the contract of Phil Griffin? And will they terminate low ratings Joe Scarborough based on the “unsolved mystery” that took place in Florida years ago? Investigate!
Wow, Matt Lauer was just fired from NBC for “inappropriate sexual behavior in the workplace.” But when will the top executives at NBC &amp; Comcast be fired for putting out so much Fake News. Check out Andy Lack’s past!
Looks like another great day for the Stock Market. Consumer Confidence is at Record High. I guess somebody likes me (my policies)!
Great, and we should boycott Fake News CNN. Dealing with them is a total waste of time! https://t.co/8zJ3j7g5el
.@foxandfriends, we are in record territory in all things having to do with our economy! https://t.co/VB0Ao3s18d
Great day for Tax Cuts and the Republican Party. But the biggest Winner will be our great Country!
Great work Ivanka! https://t.co/AQL4JLvnDh
Just won the lawsuit on leadership of Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, CFPB. A big win for the Consumer!
Charles McCullough, the respected fmr Intel Comm Inspector General, said public was misled on Crooked Hillary Emails. “Emails endangered National Security.” Why aren’t our deep State authorities looking at this? Rigged &amp; corrupt? @TuckerCarlson @seanhannity
After North Korea missile launch, it's more important than ever to fund our gov't &amp; military! Dems shouldn't hold troop funding hostage for amnesty &amp; illegal immigration. I ran on stopping illegal immigration and won big. They can't now threaten a shutdown to get their demands.
“The Conference Board said that consumer sentiment was at its highest level in nearly 17 years in November. The Consumer Confidence Index rose from 126.2 in October to 129.5, notching its best reading since December 2000...” https://t.co/iNOtT3K8Vn
Dow, S&amp;P 500 and Nasdaq all finished the day at new RECORD HIGHS! https://t.co/wJyB9d00hh
Remarks from the Roosevelt Room with @SenateMajLdr Mitch McConnell, @SpeakerRyan and Secretary of Defense, General James Mattis. https://t.co/lZMqK5jBvh
“Statement from President Donald J. Trump on #GivingTuesday” https://t.co/NrfnmixAwR
Meeting with “Chuck and Nancy” today about keeping government open and working. Problem is they want illegal immigrants flooding into our Country unchecked, are weak on Crime and want to substantially RAISE Taxes. I don’t see a deal!
Melania, our great and very hard working First Lady, who truly loves what she is doing, always thought that “if you run, you will win.” She would tell everyone that, “no doubt, he will win.” I also felt I would win (or I would not have run) - and Country is doing great!
At least 24 players kneeling this weekend at NFL stadiums that are now having a very hard time filling up. The American public is fed up with the disrespect the NFL is paying to our Country, our Flag and our National Anthem. Weak and out of control!
Thank you Rand! https://t.co/NvPeleVmub
New home sales reach a 10 year high. Stock Market has more record gains. Hopefully Republican Senators will give us the much needed Tax Cuts to keep it all going! Democrats want big Tax Increases.
The Tax Cut Bill is coming along very well, great support. With just a few changes, some mathematical, the middle class and job producers can get even more in actual dollars and savings and the pass through provision becomes simpler and really works well!
The good news is that their ratings are terrible, nobody cares! https://t.co/I7h4Ryin3h
We should have a contest as to which of the Networks, plus CNN and not including Fox, is the most dishonest, corrupt and/or distorted in its political coverage of your favorite President (me). They are all bad. Winner to receive the FAKE NEWS TROPHY!
Back in D.C., big week for Tax Cuts and many other things of great importance to our Country.  Senate Republicans will hopefully come through for all of us. The Tax Cut Bill is getting better and better. The end result will be great for ALL!
Since the first day I took office, all you hear is the phony Democrat excuse for losing the election, Russia, Russia,Russia.  Despite this I have the economy booming and have possibly done more than any 10 month President. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I endorsed Luther Strange in the Alabama Primary. He shot way up in the polls but it wasn’t enough. Can’t let Schumer/Pelosi win this race. Liberal Jones would be BAD!
The last thing we need in Alabama and the U.S. Senate is a Schumer/Pelosi puppet who is WEAK on Crime, WEAK on the Border, Bad for our Military and our great Vets, Bad for our 2nd Amendment, AND WANTS TO RAISES TAXES TO THE SKY. Jones would be a disaster!
Wow, even I didn’t realize we did so much. Wish the Fake News would report! Thank you. https://t.co/ApVbu2b0Jd
.@FoxNews is MUCH more important in the United States than CNN, but outside of the U.S., CNN International is still a major source of (Fake) news, and they represent our Nation to the WORLD very poorly. The outside world does not see the truth from them!
Check out the recent Editorial in the Wall Street Journal @WSJ about what a complete disaster the @CFPB has been under its leader from previous Administration, who just quit!
The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, or CFPB, has been a total disaster as run by the previous Administrations pick. Financial Institutions have been devastated and unable to properly serve the public. We will bring it back to life!
Happy #SmallBusinessSaturday!A great day to support your community and America’s JOB creators by shopping locally at a #SmallBiz. #ShopSmall https://t.co/pBQaBHvl7k
Time Magazine called to say that I was PROBABLY going to be named “Man (Person) of the Year,” like last year, but I would have to agree to an interview and a major photo shoot. I said probably is no good and took a pass. Thanks anyway!
Will be calling the President of Egypt in a short while to discuss the tragic terrorist attack, with so much loss of life. We have to get TOUGHER AND SMARTER than ever before, and we will. Need the WALL, need the BAN! God bless the people of Egypt.
Horrible and cowardly terrorist attack on innocent and defenseless worshipers in Egypt. The world cannot tolerate terrorism, we must defeat them militarily and discredit the extremist ideology that forms the basis of their existence!
After Turkey call I will be heading over to Trump National Golf Club, Jupiter, to play golf (quickly) with Tiger Woods and Dustin Johnson. Then back to Mar-a-Lago for talks on bringing even more jobs and companies back to the USA!
Will be speaking to President Recep Tayyip Erdogan of Turkey this morning about bringing peace to the mess that I inherited in the Middle East. I will get it all done, but what a mistake, in lives and dollars (6 trillion), to be there in the first place!
Can you believe that the disrespect for our Country, our Flag, our Anthem continues without penalty to the players. The Commissioner has lost control of the hemorrhaging league. Players are the boss! https://t.co/udXP5MR8BC
Two great people! https://t.co/5cVnMhnmuH
A great guy (with great ratings)! https://t.co/S0S6xqrjSC
ObamaCare premiums are going up, up, up, just as I have been predicting for two years. ObamaCare is OWNED by the Democrats, and it is a disaster. But do not worry. Even though the Dems want to Obstruct, we will Repeal &amp; Replace right after Tax Cuts!
My great honor to join our incredible men and women of the @USCG, at the Lake Worth Inlet Station, in Riviera Beach, Florida today!#HappyThanksgiving https://t.co/C35HR9opbP
HAPPY THANKSGIVING! https://t.co/nQhi7XopMW
Will be doing a live Thanksgiving Video Teleconference with Members of the Military at 9:00 A.M.  Afghanistan, Iraq, USS Monterey, Turkey &amp; Bahrain. Then going to Coast Guard Quarters, Florida.
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
@ThePlumLineGS MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
HAPPY THANKSGIVING, your Country is starting to do really well. Jobs coming back, highest Stock Market EVER, Military getting really strong, we will build the WALL, V.A. taking care of our Vets, great Supreme Court Justice, RECORD CUT IN REGS, lowest unemployment in 17 years....!
....And it will get even better with Tax Cuts! https://t.co/75wozGJQoP
I have long given the order to help Argentina with the Search and Rescue mission of their missing submarine. 45 people aboard and not much time left. May God be with them and the people of Argentina!
51 Million American to travel this weekend - highest number in twelve years (AAA). Traffic and airports are running very smoothly!  @FoxNews
The @USNavy is conducting search and rescue following aircraft crash. We are monitoring the situation. Prayers for all involved. https://t.co/1AxmegKqvu
Will be having meetings and working the phones from the Winter White House in Florida (Mar-a-Lago). Stock Market hit new Record High yesterday - $5.5 trillion gain since E. Many companies coming back to the U.S. Military building up and getting very strong.
Another Crooked Hillary Fan! https://t.co/1LidydhORD
The NFL is now thinking about a new idea - keeping teams in the Locker Room during the National Anthem next season. That’s almost as bad as kneeling! When will the highly paid Commissioner finally get tough and smart? This issue is killing your league!.....
...LaVar, you could have spent the next 5 to 10 years during Thanksgiving with your son in China, but no NBA contract to support you. But remember LaVar, shoplifting is NOT a little thing. It’s a really big deal, especially in China. Ungrateful fool!
It wasn’t the White House, it wasn’t the State Department, it wasn’t father LaVar’s so-called people on the ground in China that got his son out of a long term prison sentence - IT WAS ME. Too bad! LaVar is just a poor man’s version of Don King, but without the hair. Just think..
Today, we continued a wonderful American Tradition at the White House. Drumstick and Wishbone will live out their days in the beautiful Blue Ridge Mountains at Gobbler’s Rest... https://t.co/fsS8B8f5UR
President Donald J. Trump and @FLOTUS Melania Participate in the Pardoning of the National Thanksgiving Turkey at the White House. https://t.co/Zauqz4jfWv
Under President Trump unemployment rate will drop below 4%.  Analysts predict economic boom for 2018!  @foxandfriends and @Varneyco
Marshawn Lynch of the NFL’s Oakland Raiders stands for the Mexican Anthem and sits down to boos for our National Anthem. Great disrespect! Next time NFL should suspend him for remainder of season. Attendance and ratings way down.
Republican Senators are working very hard to get Tax Cuts and Tax Reform approved. Hopefully it will not be long and they do not want to disappoint the American public!
Border Patrol Officer killed at Southern Border, another badly hurt. We will seek out and bring to justice those responsible. We will, and must, build the Wall!
Big-game trophy decision will be announced next week but will be very hard pressed to change my mind that this horror show in any way helps conservation of Elephants or any other animal.
Shoplifting is a very big deal in China, as it should be (5-10 years in jail), but not to father LaVar. Should have gotten his son out during my next trip to China instead. China told them why they were released. Very ungrateful!
Sen. Jeff Flake(y), who is unelectable in the Great State of Arizona (quit race, anemic polls) was caught (purposely) on “mike” saying bad things about your favorite President. He’ll be a NO on tax cuts because his political career anyway is “toast.”
Now that the three basketball players are out of China and saved from years in jail, LaVar Ball, the father of LiAngelo, is unaccepting of what I did for his son and that shoplifting is no big deal. I should have left them in jail!
Crooked Hillary Clinton is the worst (and biggest) loser of all time. She just can’t stop, which is so good for the Republican Party. Hillary, get on with your life and give it another try in three years!
Put big game trophy decision on hold until such time as I review all conservation facts. Under study for years. Will update soon with Secretary Zinke. Thank you!
Today, it was an honor to celebrate the Collegiate National Champions of 2016/2017 at the @WhiteHouse! #NCAAChampions??Photos: https://t.co/Ecl2phhzyl https://t.co/w8jE24pLwa
Together, we're going to restore safety to our streets and peace to our communities, and we're going to destroy the vile criminal cartel, #MS13, and many other gangs...'Hundreds arrested in MS-13 crackdown'https://t.co/Mp268d8RaU https://t.co/mrynwnTuoO
If Democrats were not such obstructionists and understood the power of lower taxes, we would be able to get many of their ideas into Bill!
Great numbers on Stocks and the Economy. If we get Tax Cuts and Reform, we'll really see some great results!
.And to think that just last week he was lecturing anyone who would listen about sexual harassment and respect for women. Lesley Stahl tape?
The Al Frankenstien picture is really bad, speaks a thousand words. Where do his hands go in pictures 2, 3, 4, 5 &amp; 6 while she sleeps? .....
Big win today in the House for GOP Tax Cuts and Reform, 227-205. Zero Dems, they want to raise taxes much higher, but not for our military!
Congratulations to the House of Representatives for passing the #TaxCutsandJobsAct — a big step toward fulfilling our promise to deliver historic TAX CUTS for the American people by the end of the year! https://t.co/8FjefMj6hh
Need all on the UN Security Council to vote to renew the Joint Investigative Mechanism for Syria to ensure that Assad Regime does not commit mass murder with chemical weapons ever again.
China is sending an Envoy and Delegation to North Korea - A big move, we'll see what happens!
....your release possible and, HAVE A GREAT LIFE! Be careful, there are many pitfalls on the long and winding road of life!
To the three UCLA basketball players I say:  You're welcome, go out and give a big Thank You to President Xi Jinping of China who made.....
Big vote tomorrow in the House. Tax cuts are getting close!
Why are Democrats fighting massive tax cuts for the middle class and business (jobs)? The reason: Obstruction and Delay!
It is actually hard to believe how naive (or dumb) the Failing @nytimes is when it comes to foreign policy...weak and ineffective!
...They should realize that these relationships are a good thing, not a bad thing. The U.S. is being respected again. Watch Trade!
The failing @nytimes hates the fact that I have developed a great relationship with World leaders like Xi Jinping, President of China.....
Do you think the three UCLA Basketball Players will say thank you President Trump? They were headed for 10 years in jail!
Thank you! https://t.co/EQMwv1XbiM
Thank you, working hard! https://t.co/TmNdNPBJ3m
While in the Philippines I was forced to watch @CNN, which I have not done in months, and again realized how bad, and FAKE, it is. Loser!
.@foxandfriends will be showing much of our successful trip to Asia, and the friendships &amp; benefits that will endure for years to come!
Our great country is respected again in Asia. You will see the fruits of our long but successful trip for many years to come!
Just returned from Asia after 12 very successful days. Great to be home!
May God be with the people of Sutherland Springs, Texas. The FBI and Law Enforcement has arrived.
THANK YOU ASIA! #USA???? https://t.co/FziKSbrzcu
THANK YOU to the amazing staff and their families of the United States Embassy in the Philippines. Keep up the GREAT WORK! https://t.co/3ABVXTsJM0
One of the most accurate polls last time around. But #FakeNews likes to say we’re in the 30’s. They are wrong. Some people think numbers could be in the 50's. Together, WE will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! https://t.co/YhrwkdObhP
I will be making a major statement from the @WhiteHouse upon my return to D.C. Time and date to be set.
Just arrived at #ASEAN50 in the Philippines for my final stop with World Leaders. Will lead to FAIR TRADE DEALS, unlike the horror shows from past Administrations. Will then be leaving for D.C. Made many good friends!
After my tour of Asia, all Countries dealing with us on TRADE know that the rules have changed. The United States has to be treated fairly and in a reciprocal fashion. The massive TRADE deficits must go down quickly!
Great to see @RandPaul looking well and back on the Senate floor. He will help us with TAX CUTS and REFORM!
Excited to be heading home to see the House pass a GREAT Tax Bill with the middle class getting big TAX CUTS!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain????
I am proud of the Rep. House &amp; Senate for working so hard on cutting taxes {&amp; reform.} We’re getting close! Now, how about ending the unfair &amp; highly unpopular Indiv Mandate in OCare &amp; reducing taxes even further? Cut top rate to 35% w/all of the rest going to middle income cuts?
Happy to announce, I am nominating Alex Azar to be the next HHS Secretary. He will be a star for better healthcare and lower drug prices!
Will be leaving the Philippines tomorrow after many days of constant mtgs &amp; work in order to #MAGA! My promises are rapidly being fulfilled.
Great day of bilateral meetings at #ASEANSummit on trade, which we are turning around to be great deals for our country! https://t.co/2ahAvm4n9s
Thank you! https://t.co/TD0rYcWN8C
We had a wonderful visit to Vietnam, thank you President Tran Dai Quang! Heading to the #ASEANSummit 50th Anniv Gala in the Philippines now. https://t.co/WfSd8EE3Nm
Just landed in the Philippines after a great day of meetings and events in Hanoi, Vietnam! https://t.co/YxHRNhhPWo
Just landed in the Philippines after a great day of meetings and events in Hanoi, Vietnam!
Why would Kim Jong-un insult me by calling me "old," when I would NEVER call him "short and fat?" Oh well, I try so hard to be his friend - and maybe someday that will happen!
Does the Fake News Media remember when Crooked Hillary Clinton, as Secretary of State, was begging Russia to be our friend with the misspelled reset button? Obama tried also, but he had zero chemistry with Putin.
When will all the haters and fools out there realize that having a good relationship with Russia is a good thing, not a bad thing. There always playing politics - bad for our country. I want to solve North Korea, Syria, Ukraine, terrorism, and Russia can greatly help!
Met with President Putin of Russia who was at #APEC meetings. Good discussions on Syria. Hope for his help to solve, along with China the dangerous North Korea crisis. Progress being made.
Will be doing a joint press conference in Hanoi, Vietnam then heading for final destination of trip, the Phillipines.
President Xi of China has stated that he is upping the sanctions against #NoKo. Said he wants them to denuclearize. Progress is being made.
“Presidential Proclamation Commemorating the 50th Anniversary of the Vietnam War” ??https://t.co/hgUQP9leqK ??https://t.co/9C0yyIv9Ws https://t.co/f9snmRUA4a
On this wonderful Veterans Day, I want to express the incredible gratitude of the entire American Nation to our GREAT VETERANS. Thank you! https://t.co/GhQbCA7yII
On behalf of an entire nation, Happy 242nd Birthday to the men and women of the United States Marines!#USMC242 #SemperFi https://t.co/ecgoSJP5Uc
The United States has been reminded time and again in recent years that economic security is not merely RELATED to national security - economic security IS national security. It is vital to our national strength. #APEC2017 https://t.co/8gKQUhit2X
The United States has been reminded time and again in recent years that economic security is not merely RELATED to national security -economic security IS national security. It is vital to our national strength. #APEC2017 https://t.co/mGPeyZEyqm
The United States is prepared to work with each of the leaders in this room today to achieve mutually beneficial commerce that is in the interests of both your countries and mine. That is the message I am here to deliver today. #APEC2017 https://t.co/CM3Hqt16A8
Today I am here to offer a renewed partnership with America -- to work together to strengthen the bonds of friendship and commerce between all of the nations of the Indo-Pacific, and together, to promote our prosperity and security. #APEC2017 https://t.co/gN2YbS9CYB
In more and more places throughout this region, citizens of SOVEREIGN and INDEPENDENT nations have taken greater control of their destinies, and unlocked the potential of their people. #APEC2017 https://t.co/a570IIGe0I
Throughout my travels, I've had the pleasure of sharing the good news from America. I've had the honor of sharing our vision for a free &amp; open Indo-Pacific -- a place where sovereign &amp; independent nations, w/diverse cultures &amp; many different dreams, can all prosper side-by-side. https://t.co/qBOCY3u7YV
Just landed in Da Nang, Vietnam to deliver a speech at #APEC2017
I am leaving China for #APEC2017 in Vietnam. @FLOTUS Melania is staying behind to see the zoo, and of course, the Great WALL of China before going to Alaska to greet our AMAZING troops.
My meetings with President Xi Jinping were very productive on both trade and the subject of North Korea. He is a highly respected and powerful representative of his people. It was great being with him and Madame Peng Liyuan!
I don’t blame China, I blame the incompetence of past Admins for allowing China to take advantage of the U.S. on trade leading up to a point where the U.S. is losing $100's of billions. How can you blame China for taking advantage of people that had no clue? I would've done same!
In the coming months and years ahead I look forward to building an even STRONGER relationship between the United States and China. ???????? https://t.co/mK3SB7t3EV
President Xi, thank you for such an incredible welcome ceremony. It was a truly memorable and impressive display! ??https://t.co/J9x51h1LBe https://t.co/g4Z7mO5cV9
Congratulations to all of the ”DEPLORABLES” and the millions of people who gave us a MASSIVE (304-227) Electoral College landslide victory! https://t.co/7ifv5gT7Ur
Looking forward to a full day of meetings with President Xi and our delegations tomorrow. THANK YOU for the beautiful welcome China! @FLOTUS Melania and I will never forget it! https://t.co/sQoUWIGAiQ
NoKo has interpreted America's past restraint as weakness. This would be a fatal miscalculation. Do not underestimate us. AND DO NOT TRY US. https://t.co/4llqLrNpK3
On behalf of @FLOTUS Melania and I, THANK YOU for an unforgettable afternoon and evening at the Forbidden City in Beijing, President Xi and Madame Peng Liyuan. We are looking forward to rejoining you tomorrow morning! https://t.co/ma0F7SHbVU
Leaving South Korea now heading to China. Looking very much forward to meeting and being with President Xi!
Together, we dream of a Korea that is free, a peninsula that is safe, and families that are reunited once again! https://t.co/9tsZRCC83j
Anyone who doubts the strength or determination of the U.S. should look to our past....and you will doubt it no longer. https://t.co/zyuYc0fIH6
The North Korean regime has pursued its nuclear &amp; ballistic missile programs in defiance of every assurance, agreement, &amp; commmitment it has made to the U.S. and its allies. It's broken all of those commitments... https://t.co/xJ4jUpA8d8
The U.S., under my administration, is completely rebuilding its military, and they're spending hundreds of billions of dollars to the newest and finest military equipment anywhere in the world, being built right now. I want peace through strength! https://t.co/2YXkIvRIFi
Join me LIVE in South Korea????????#NationalAssembly #POTUSinAsia ??https://t.co/M3iEhPdkas https://t.co/hSxdtd2UnY
Ed Gillespie worked hard but did not embrace me or what I stand for. Don’t forget, Republicans won 4 out of 4 House seats, and with the economy doing record numbers, we will continue to win, even bigger than before!
Getting ready to make a major speech to the National Assembly here in South Korea, then will be headed to China where I very much look forward to meeting with President Xi who is just off his great political victory.
Thank you to all Americans who participated in Nat'l Rx Drug Take Back Day. A record amount of drugs collected &amp; disposed. We can do this!
Franklin, such a great photo. HAPPY 99th BIRTHDAY to your father, @BillyGraham! https://t.co/l0c7RvvOa1
.@EdWGillespie will totally turn around the high crime and poor economic performance of VA. MS-13 and crime will be gone. Vote today, ASAP!
....and has been horrible on Virginia economy. Vote @EdWGillespie today!
Ralph Northam will allow crime to be rampant in Virginia. He’s weak on crime, weak on our GREAT VETS, Anti-Second Amendment....
....is making. Working very hard on TAX CUTS for the middle class, companies and jobs!
Stock market hit yet another all-time record high yesterday. There is great confidence in the moves that my Administration....
Thank you to President Moon of South Korea for the beautiful welcoming ceremony. It will always be remembered. https://t.co/bMvJz1iV2a
It was my great honor to have lunch with our INCREDIBLE U.S. and ROK troops at Camp Humphreys, in South Korea. ???????? https://t.co/5NJirz4iNM https://t.co/kNLyONhBCC
....Some of those they are harshly treating have been “milking” their country for years!
I have great confidence in King Salman and the Crown Prince of Saudi Arabia, they know exactly what they are doing....
Getting ready to leave for South Korea and meetings with President Moon, a fine gentleman. We will figure it all out!
My visit to Japan and friendship with PM Abe will yield many benefits, for our great Country. Massive military &amp; energy orders happening+++!
The state of Virginia economy, under Democrat rule, has been terrible. If you vote Ed Gillespie tomorrow, it will come roaring back!
#USA???? #Japan???? https://t.co/EvxFqAVnFS
...Americans do what we do best: we pull together. We join hands. We lock arms and through the tears and the sadness, we stand strong... https://t.co/qkCPgtKGkA
May God be w/ the people of Sutherland Springs, Texas. The FBI &amp; law enforcement are on the scene. I am monitoring the situation from Japan.
Heading into the 12 days with great negotiating strength because of our tremendous economy. https://t.co/4HnXkR3EhW
It was a true honor to be at Yokota Air Base with our GREAT @USForcesJapan! https://t.co/KEXnIkkQks
Playing golf with Prime Minister Abe and Hideki Matsuyama, two wonderful people! https://t.co/vYLULe0o2K
Just gave a speech to the great men and women at Yokota Air Base in Tokyo, Japan. Leaving to see Prime Minister Abe. https://t.co/6LRAgojvDB
I am landing shortly. Can’t wait to be with our GREAT MILITARY. See you soon! https://t.co/AVLrrOxmm4
Would very much appreciate Saudi Arabia doing their IPO of Aramco with the New York Stock Exchange. Important to the United States!
Unemployment is down to 4.1%, lowest in 17 years. 1.5 million new jobs created since I took office. Highest stock Market ever, up $5.4 trill
Thank you to our GREAT Military/Veterans and @PacificCommand.Remember #PearlHarbor. Remember the @USSArizona!A day I’ll never forget. https://t.co/CMkB0kTkSc
Thank you for such a beautiful welcome Hawaii. My great honor to visit @PacificCommand upon arrival. Heading to Pearl Harbor w/ @FLOTUS now. https://t.co/6gDME9cmnS
Getting ready to land in Hawaii. Looking so much forward to meeting with our great Military/Veterans at Pearl Harbor!
The decision on Sergeant Bergdahl is a complete and total disgrace to our Country and to our Military.
JOBS, JOBS, JOBS! https://t.co/twUNktGbnb
The rigged Dem Primary, one of the biggest political stories in years, got ZERO coverage on Fake News Network TV last night. Disgraceful!
Just took off for ceremony @ Pearl Harbor. Will then be heading to Japan, SKorea, China, Vietnam &amp; the Philippines. Will never let you down!
I always felt I would be running and winning against Bernie Sanders, not Crooked H, without cheating, I was right.
Bernie Sanders supporters have every right to be apoplectic of the complete theft of the Dem primary by Crooked Hillary!
...Based on that, the Military has hit ISIS "much harder" over the last two days. They will pay a big price for every attack on us!
ISIS just claimed the Degenerate Animal who killed, and so badly wounded, the wonderful people on the West Side, was "their soldier." .....
Pocahontas just stated that the Democrats, lead by the legendary Crooked Hillary Clinton, rigged the Primaries! Lets go FBI &amp; Justice Dept.
The real story on Collusion is in Donna B's new book. Crooked Hillary bought the DNC &amp; then stole the Democratic Primary from Crazy Bernie!
....People are angry.  At some point the Justice Department, and the FBI, must do what is right and proper. The American public deserves it!
...New Donna B book says she paid for and stole the Dem Primary. What about the deleted E-mails, Uranium, Podesta, the Server, plus, plus...
Everybody is asking why the Justice Department (and FBI) isn't looking into all of the dishonesty going on with Crooked Hillary &amp; the Dems..
My Twitter account was taken down for 11 minutes by a rogue employee. I guess the word must finally be getting out-and having an impact.
I will be interviewed by @IngrahamAngle on @FoxNews at 10:00. Enjoy!
The @TuckerCarlson opening statement about our once cherished and great FBI was so sad to watch. James Comey's leadership was a disaster!
....This is real collusion and dishonesty. Major violation of Campaign Finance Laws and Money Laundering - where is our Justice Department?
Donna Brazile just stated the DNC RIGGED the system to illegally steal the Primary from Bernie Sanders. Bought and paid for by Crooked H....
Great Tax Cut rollout today. The lobbyists are storming Capital Hill, but the Republicans will hold strong and do what is right for America!
Today, it was my pleasure and great honor to announce my nomination of Jerome Powell to be the next Chairman of the @FederalReserve. https://t.co/6aDuRy3zws
Broadcom's move to America=$20 BILLION of annual rev into U.S.A., $3+ BILLION/yr. in research/engineering &amp; $6 BILLION/yr. in manufacturing. https://t.co/NsJ4PtVTtl
Today, we are thrilled to welcome @Broadcom CEO Hock Tan to the WH to announce he is moving their HQ’s from Singapore back to the U.S.A..... https://t.co/WrqUXBndyZ
Congress must end chain migration so that we can have a system that is SECURITY BASED! We need to make AMERICA SAFE! #USA???? https://t.co/d7L1YW5iVY
I am calling on Congress to TERMINATE the diversity visa lottery program that presents significant vulnerabilities to our national security. https://t.co/tW4wOlI4vu
Congratulations to the Houston @Astros, 2017 #WorldSeries Champions??#HoustonStrong #EarnHistory https://t.co/BP7OEzdhFi
...There is also something appropriate about keeping him in the home of the horrible crime he committed. Should move fast. DEATH PENALTY!
Would love to send the NYC terrorist to Guantanamo but statistically that process takes much longer than going through the Federal system...
NYC terrorist was happy as he asked to hang ISIS flag in his hospital room. He killed 8 people, badly injured 12. SHOULD GET DEATH PENALTY!
Great mtg w/ @Cabinet today. Tomorrow, I will be announcing the new head of the Fed. I think you will be extremely impressed by this person! https://t.co/5ASJVLGAiG
Happy birthday to @garyplayer, a truly great Champion and Person!
It is finally happening for our great clean coal miners! https://t.co/suAnjs6Ccz
The United States will be immediately implementing much tougher Extreme Vetting Procedures. The safety of our citizens comes first!
Just spoke to President Macri of Argentina about the five proud and wonderful men killed in the West Side terror attack. God be with them!
CHAIN MIGRATION must end now! Some people come in, and they bring their whole family with them, who can be truly evil. NOT ACCEPTABLE! https://t.co/PQGeTTdRtX
@SenateMajLdr @SenateGOP ...and Appeals Court Judges at a record clip! Our courts are rapidly changing for the better!
Thanks to @SenateMajLdr McConnell and the @SenateGOP we are appointing high-quality Federal District...
Thank you to the GREAT NYPD, First Responders and all govt officials for having handled the terrible West Side attack so professionally! https://t.co/imPIdOzjAn
@NYGovCuomo @NYCMayor ...fully supports any and all of their efforts with respect to the West Side attack. #NYCStrong
Just spoke with @NYGovCuomo and @NYCMayor de Blasio to let them know that the federal government...
We mourn the horrifying terrorist attack in NYC. All of America is praying and grieving for the families who lost their precious loved ones. https://t.co/WZFHXoJE3K
....for the Middle Class. The House and Senate should consider ASAP as the process of final approval moves along. Push Biggest Tax Cuts EVER
Wouldn't it be great to Repeal the very unfair and unpopular Individual Mandate in ObamaCare and use those savings for further Tax Cuts.....
#NYCStrong #USA???? https://t.co/6K3Xw5P87d
"Senator Chuck Schumer helping to import Europes problems" said Col.Tony Shaffer. We will stop this craziness!  @foxandfriends
We are fighting hard for Merit Based immigration, no more Democrat Lottery Systems. We must get MUCH tougher (and smarter).  @foxandfriends
The terrorist came into our country through what is called the "Diversity Visa Lottery Program," a Chuck Schumer beauty. I want merit based.
I have just ordered Homeland Security to step up our already Extreme Vetting Program. Being politically correct is fine, but not for this!
The Republican House members are working hard (and late) toward the Massive Tax Cuts that they know you deserve. These will be biggest ever!
My thoughts, condolences and prayers to the victims and families of the New York City terrorist attack. God and your country are with you!
We must not allow ISIS to return, or enter, our country after defeating them in the Middle East and elsewhere. Enough!
In NYC, looks like another attack by a very sick and deranged person. Law enforcement is following this closely. NOT IN THE U.S.A.!
U.S. COAL PRODUCTIONUp??7.8% past year. Down??31.5% last 10 years. #EndingWarOnCoal https://t.co/xr20OBb2DV
“Home Prices Reach New All-Time Highs in August” Read more: https://t.co/XzJiZgGQ8R https://t.co/STBtR6mO2j
"Consumer Confidence Hits Highest Level Since December 2000" Read more: https://t.co/w7WkcobFun https://t.co/nLo5XCnuIx
Wishing everyone a safe and Happy Halloween!#Halloween2017 https://t.co/BRpgXVRI8Y
Thank you @LuisRiveraMarin! https://t.co/BK7sDv9phU
“Statement by President Trump on the Apprehension of Mustafa al-Imam for His Alleged Role in Benghazi Attacks” https://t.co/2U7WJmfGlM
....earth shattering. He and his brother could Drain The Swamp, which would be yet another campaign promise fulfilled. Fake News weak!
The biggest story yesterday, the one that has the Dems in a dither, is Podesta running from his firm. What he know about Crooked Dems is....
I hope people will start to focus on our Massive Tax Cuts for Business (jobs) and the Middle Class (in addition to Democrat corruption)!
....came to the campaign. Few people knew the young, low level volunteer named George, who has already proven to be a liar. Check the DEMS!
The Fake News is working overtime. As Paul Manaforts lawyer said, there was "no collusion" and events mentioned took place long before he...
....Also, there is NO COLLUSION!
Sorry, but this is years ago, before Paul Manafort was part of the Trump campaign. But why aren't Crooked Hillary &amp; the Dems the focus?????
Great job by MichaelCaputo on @foxandfriends.
Report out that Obama Campaign paid $972,000 to Fusion GPS. The firm also got $12,400,000 (really?) from DNC. Nobody knows who OK'd!
All of this "Russia" talk right when the Republicans are making their big push for historic Tax Cuts &amp; Reform. Is this coincidental? NOT!
...are now fighting back like never before. There is so much GUILT by Democrats/Clinton, and now the facts are pouring out. DO SOMETHING!
..."collusion," which doesn't exist. The Dems are using this terrible (and bad for our country) Witch Hunt for evil politics, but the R's...
...the Uranium to Russia deal, the  33,000 plus deleted Emails, the Comey fix and so much more. Instead they look at phony Trump/Russia,....
Never seen such Republican ANGER &amp; UNITY as I have concerning the lack of investigation on Clinton made Fake Dossier (now $12,000,000?),....
As usual, the ObamaCare premiums will be up (the Dems own it), but we will Repeal &amp; Replace and have great Healthcare soon after Tax Cuts!
JFK Files are released, long ahead of schedule!
While not at all presidential I must point out that the Sloppy Michael Moore Show on Broadway was a TOTAL BOMB and was forced to close. Sad!
Happy #FirstRespondersDay to all of our HEROES out there. We are forever grateful to you for your service, sacrifice and courage 24/7/365! https://t.co/vOcTlyOeyw
...in order to put any and all conspiracy theories to rest.
...addresses of any mentioned person who is still living. I am doing this for reasons of full disclosure, transparency and...
After strict consultation with General Kelly, the CIA and other Agencies, I will be releasing ALL #JFKFiles other than the names and...
Today is National Prescription Drug Take Back Day. Everyone can help fight the #OpioidEpidemic by participating! https://t.co/ONObTWOaOn https://t.co/CYG11DnxH7
Just read the nice remarks by President Jimmy Carter about me and how badly I am treated by the press (Fake News). Thank you Mr. President!
Very little reporting about the GREAT GDP numbers announced yesterday (3.0 despite the big hurricane hits). Best consecutive Q's in years!
“WHAT HAPPENED”“How Team Hillary played the press for fools on Russia”??https://t.co/GqpIidk017NOW WE KNOW! https://t.co/SgWL1HZmkI
#JFKFiles https://t.co/AnPBSJFh3J
Happy Birthday @TheLeeGreenwood!#FlashbackFriday https://t.co/MCrMK6Eurm
People are anxiously awaiting my decision as to who the next head of the Fed will be....??https://t.co/PEj1KNYcAO
.@FoxNews Chris Wallace: “More evidence of Dem collusion with Russia than GOP” https://t.co/nACQerJSiu
We are inspired by the stories of everyday heroes who pull their communities from the depths of despair through leadership and love. https://t.co/DL3oan4Fm7
Diane Black of Tennessee, the highly respected House Budget Committee Chairwoman, did a GREAT job in passing Budget, setting up big Tax Cuts
Thank you @FLGovScott. https://t.co/rgdU9plvFK
It is now commonly agreed, after many months of COSTLY looking, that there was NO collusion between Russia and Trump. Was collusion with HC!
Happy birthday to the great @TheLeeGreenwood. You and your beautiful song have made such a difference. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
JFK Files are being carefully released. In the end there will be great transparency. It is my hope to get just about everything to public!
Happy birthday to the great @leegreenwood83. You and your beautiful song have made such a difference. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Good luck to @Joy_Villa on her decision to enter the wonderful world of politics. She has many fans!
Congratulations to @SpeakerRyan, @GOPLeader, @SteveScalise and to the Republican Party on Budget passage yesterday. Now for biggest Tax Cuts
Thank you @foxandfriends. Really great job and show!
Wacky &amp; totally unhinged Tom Steyer, who has been fighting me and my Make America Great Again agenda from beginning, never wins elections!
WORKING TOGETHER, we will defeat this #OpioidEpidemic &amp; free our nation from the terrible affliction of drug abuse. https://t.co/iAZjqGMwav https://t.co/mZI5uQN4oZ
Effective today, my administration officially declared the #OpioidCrisis a NATIONAL PUBLIC HEALTH EMERGENCY under federal law. https://t.co/YosOBurdCw
Big news - Budget just passed!
Do not underestimate the UNITY within the Republican Party!
Ed Gillespie will be a great Governor of Virginia. His opponent doesn't even show up to meetings/work, and will be VERY weak on crime!
Ed Gillespie will turn the really bad Virginia economy #'s around, and fast. Strong on crime, he might even save our great statues/heritage!
Will be another Sean success! https://t.co/SlNTENvJLA
Together, we will Make America Great Again!#AmericaFirst???? https://t.co/ajiC3flNkI
This will be the biggest TAX CUT in the history of our country - and we need it! #TaxReform Read more: https://t.co/o3W9bJkz5k https://t.co/JYckXWEmLu
Interview with @LouDobbs coming up at 7pmE on @FoxBusiness. Enjoy! https://t.co/9V9z015kVl
Texas @GovAbbott &amp; Lt. Gov. @DanPatrick,Thank you for todays briefing on hurricane recovery efforts here in TX. Keep up the great work! https://t.co/rBel6IWrJl
The long anticipated release of the #JFKFiles will take place tomorrow. So interesting!
Melania and I look forward to being with President Xi &amp; Madame Peng Liyuan in China in two weeks for what will hopefully be a historic trip! https://t.co/uFMonzza7N
Spoke to President Xi of China to congratulate him on his extraordinary elevation. Also discussed NoKo &amp; trade, two very important subjects!
Just interviewed by @LouDobbs. Will be aired tonight at 7pmE on @FoxBusiness. #Dobbs
Congrats to @Reince Priebus, a really good and talented man. We’re proud of you Reince! https://t.co/7AsjAMrSnV
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! https://t.co/CbEwJSQ1A3
Jeff Flake, with an 18% approval rating in Arizona, said "a lot of my colleagues have spoken out." Really, they just gave me a standing O!
Working hard on the biggest tax cut in U.S. history. Great support from so many sides. Big winners will be the middle class, business &amp; JOBS
The meeting with Republican Senators yesterday, outside of Flake and Corker, was a love fest with standing ovations and great ideas for USA!
The reason Flake and Corker dropped out of the Senate race is very simple, they had zero chance of being elected. Now act so hurt &amp; wounded!
"Clinton campaign &amp; DNC paid for research that led to the anti-Trump Fake News Dossier. The victim here is the President." @FoxNews
So nice being with Republican Senators today. Multiple standing ovations! Most are great people who want big Tax Cuts and success for U.S.
“President Donald J. Trump Proclaims October 24, 2017, as United Nations Day” Read more: https://t.co/cyRAQAKhy2 https://t.co/HVD0kLYlBk
Stock Market just hit another record high! Jobs looking very good.
...the entire World WAS laughing and taking advantage of us. People like liddle' Bob Corker have set the U.S. way back. Now we move forward!
Sen. Corker is the incompetent head of the Foreign Relations Committee, &amp; look how poorly the U.S. has done. He doesn't have a clue as.....
Isn't it sad that lightweight Senator Bob Corker, who couldn't get re-elected in the Great State of Tennessee, will now fight Tax Cuts plus!
...Corker dropped out of the race in Tennesse when I refused to endorse him, and now is only negative on anything Trump. Look at his record!
Bob Corker, who helped President O give us the bad Iran Deal &amp; couldn't get elected dog catcher in Tennessee, is now fighting Tax Cuts....
We will never forget the 241 American service members killed by Hizballah in Beirut. They died in service to our nation. https://t.co/BaQZDA3s2e
I had a very respectful conversation with the widow of Sgt. La David Johnson, and spoke his name from beginning, without hesitation!
Two dozen NFL players continue to kneel during the National Anthem, showing total disrespect to our Flag &amp; Country.  No leadership in NFL!
There will be NO change to your 401(k). This has always been a great and popular middle class tax break that works, and it stays!
It is finally sinking through. 46% OF PEOPLE BELIEVE MAJOR NATIONAL NEWS ORGS FABRICATE STORIES ABOUT ME. FAKE NEWS, even worse! Lost cred.
Wacky Congresswoman Wilson is the gift that keeps on giving for the Republican Party, a disaster for Dems. You watch her in action &amp; vote R!
Doing interview today with Maria Bartiromo at 10:00 A.M. on @FoxNews - ENJOY!
...2nd Amendment, Strong Military, ISIS, historic VA improvement, Supreme Court Justice, Record Stock Market, lowest unemployment in 17 yrs!
...9 months than this Administration. Over 50 Legislation approvals, massive regulation cuts, energy freedom, pipelines, border security....
I agree getting Tax Cuts approved  is important (we will also get HealthCare), but perhaps no Administration has done more in its first.....
Just out, but lightly reported: "Fewest jobless claims since 1973 show firm U.S. Job Market" Lowest since March 1973. @bpolitics
Crooked Hillary Clinton spent hundreds of millions of dollars more on Presidential Election than I did. Facebook was on her side, not mine!
Keep hearing about "tiny" amount of money spent on Facebook ads. What about the billions of dollars of Fake News on CNN, ABC, NBC &amp; CBS?
Officials behind the now discredited "Dossier" plead the Fifth. Justice Department and/or FBI should immediately release who paid for it.
“Trump hails liberation of Raqqa as critical breakthrough in anti-ISIS campaign” https://t.co/2eoYXJB7h0
Stock Market hits another all time high on Friday. 5.3 trillion dollars up since Election. Fake News doesn't spent much time on this!
People get what is going on! https://t.co/Pdg7VqQv6M
Subject to the receipt of further information, I will be allowing, as President, the long blocked and classified JFK FILES to be opened.
I hope the Fake News Media keeps talking about Wacky Congresswoman Wilson in that she, as a representative, is killing the Democrat Party!
Budget that just passed is a really big deal, especially in terms of what will be the biggest tax cut in U.S. history - MSM barely covered!
Great book just out, "A Place Called Heaven," by Dr. Robert Jeffress - A wonderful man!
This is a once-in-a-generation opportunity to offer historic tax relief to the American people! Join me today: https://t.co/9czcJDbmVW https://t.co/s3kXpvbYih
Today, it was an honor to have @UNSecretary-General @AntonioGuterres at the @WhiteHouse. Speaking for the U.S.A., we appreciate all you do! https://t.co/Sk0Jcazzxw
Thank you @GeraldoRivera @FoxandFriends. Agree! https://t.co/8cZLdAbgzw
Just out report: "United Kingdom crime rises 13% annually amid spread of Radical Islamic terror." Not good, we must keep America safe!
....This now allows for the passage of large scale Tax Cuts (and Reform), which will be the biggest in the history of our country!
The Budget passed late last night, 51 to 49. We got ZERO Democrat votes with only Rand Paul (he will vote for Tax Cuts) voting against.....
Great news on the 2018 budget @SenateMajLdr McConnell - first step toward delivering MASSIVE tax cuts for the American people! #TaxReform https://t.co/aBzQR7KR0c
Big ratings getter @seanhannity and Apprentice Champion John Rich are right now going on stage in Las Vegas for #VegasStrong. Great Show!
The Fake News is going crazy with wacky Congresswoman Wilson(D), who was SECRETLY on a very personal call, and gave a total lie on content!
Keep up the GREAT work. I am with you 100%!"ISIS is losing its grip..."Army Colonel Ryan DillonCJTF–OIRhttps://t.co/jVGuvv5mzm https://t.co/PSCXg38CtS
It was great to have Governor @RicardoRossello of #PuertoRico????with us at the @WhiteHouse today. We are with you! #PRStrong https://t.co/Op2xDZxvNc
.@foxandfriends "Russia sent millions to Clinton Foundation"
Workers of firm involved with the discredited and Fake Dossier take the 5th. Who paid for it, Russia, the FBI or the Dems (or all)?
Uranium deal to Russia, with Clinton help and Obama Administration knowledge, is the biggest story that Fake Media doesn't want to follow!
Republicans are going for the big Budget approval today, first step toward massive tax cuts. I think we have the votes, but who knows?
"46% of Americans think the Media is inventing stories about Trump &amp; his Administration." @FoxNews   It is actually much worse than this!
.@DanaPerino &amp; @BradThor,Thank you so much for the wonderful compliment. Working hard! #MAGA https://t.co/AKWlsMsCVH
"20,000??21,000??22,000?? 23,000??this year...FOUR one thousand milestones this year..." #Dow23K #MAGA https://t.co/GQ5f2eVvEI
This is what REAL PRIDE in our COUNTRY is all about! #USA???? https://t.co/kyv866prdE
.@NFL: Too much talk, not enough action. Stand for the National Anthem.
"Iran hides behind its assertion of technical compliance w/the nuclear deal, while it brazenly violates the other limits.."Amb. @NikkiHaley https://t.co/xvHgx7d1cT
It was an honor to welcome Republican and Democratic members of the Senate Finance Committee to the @WhiteHouse today. #TaxReform https://t.co/ge4Xic9fId
Our hearts are with all affected by the wildfires in California. God bless our brave First Responders and @FEMA team. We support you! https://t.co/YaoPbaVI5L
The current tax code is a burden on American taxpayers &amp; harmful to job-creators. Americans need #TaxReform! More: https://t.co/qXyiYiFWCO https://t.co/NGIjJOc3TP
I am supportive of Lamar as a person &amp; also of the process, but I can never support bailing out ins co's who have made a fortune w/ O'Care.
Democrat Congresswoman totally fabricated what I said to the wife of a soldier who died in action (and I have proof). Sad!
The NFL has decided that it will not force players to stand for the playing of our National Anthem. Total disrespect for our great country!
As it has turned out, James Comey lied and leaked and totally protected Hillary Clinton. He was the best thing that ever happened to her!
The Democrats will only vote for Tax Increases. Hopefully, all Senate Republicans will vote for the largest Tax Cuts in U.S. history.
...people not interviewed, including Clinton herself. Comey stated under oath that he didn't do this-obviously a fix? Where is Justice Dept?
Wow, FBI confirms report that James Comey drafted letter exonerating  Crooked Hillary Clinton long before investigation was complete. Many..
The most important truth our FOUNDERS understood was: FREEDOM is NOT a gift from Govt. FREEDOM is a GIFT from GOD. ??https://t.co/rmAzGt8SuG https://t.co/SrPavwrt2R
Thank you @Heritage! This is our once-in-a-generation opportunity to revitalize our economy, revive our industry &amp; renew the AMERICAN DREAM! https://t.co/HI30nojsGo
WOW! https://t.co/eKfRktNVuy
BORDER WALL prototypes underway! https://t.co/arFNO80zmO
Any increase in ObamaCare premiums is the fault of the Democrats for giving us a "product" that never had a chance of working.
So much Fake News being put in dying magazines and newspapers. Only place worse may be @NBCNews, @CBSNews, @ABC and @CNN. Fiction writers!
It was my great honor to welcome Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras of Greece to the WH today! ??https://t.co/Bn1vM6fYW9 ??https://t.co/j0roMFT3YL https://t.co/MPe5HWFcZ1
Join me LIVE from the Rose Garden at 1:30pmE with Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras of Greece. ??https://t.co/Bn1vM6fYW9 https://t.co/dZB4mDBKpi
"Dow Passes 23,000 for the First Time, Fueled by Strong Earnings"#Dow23K??https://t.co/wnkrddYlb9 https://t.co/wlP0NCNcou
Rep.Tom Marino has informed me that he is withdrawing his name from consideration as drug czar. Tom is a fine man and a great Congressman!
Always great to see the wonderful people of South Carolina. Thank you for the beautiful welcome at Greenville-Spartanburg Int'l Airport! https://t.co/maO9Nc0sTe
I was recently asked if Crooked Hillary Clinton is going to run in 2020? My answer was, "I hope so!"
The U.S. has gained more than 5.2 trillion dollars in Stock Market Value since Election Day! Also, record business enthusiasm.
Since Election Day on November 8, the Stock Market is up more than 25%, unemployment is at a 17 year low &amp; companies are coming back to U.S.
Dem Senator Schumer hated the Iran deal made by President Obama, but now that I am involved, he is OK with it. Tell that to Israel, Chuck!
The Democrats only want to increase taxes and obstruct. That's all they are good at!
Art Laffer just said that he doesn't know how a Democrat could vote against the big tax cut/reform bill and live with themselves!  @FoxNews
...approvals of The Keystone XL &amp; Dakota Access pipelines. Also, look at the recent EPA cancelations &amp; our great new Supreme Court Justice!
The Failing @nytimes, in a story by Peter Baker, should have mentioned the rapid terminations by me of TPP &amp; The Paris Accord &amp; the fast....
The Democrats in the Southwest part of Virginia have been abandoned by their Party. Republican Ed Gillespie will never let you down!
Very proud of my Executive Order which will allow greatly expanded access and far lower costs for HealthCare. Millions of people benefit!
Health Insurance stocks, which have gone through the roof during the ObamaCare years, plunged yesterday after I ended their Dems windfall!
Such a wonderful statement from the great @LouDobbs. "We take up what may be the most accomplished presidency in modern American history."
ObamaCare is causing such grief and tragedy for so many. It is being dismantled but in the meantime, premiums &amp; deductibles are way up!
Money pouring into Insurance Companies profits, under the guise of ObamaCare, is over. They have made a fortune.Dems must get smart &amp; deal!
Many people talking, with much agreement, on my Iran speech today. Participants in the deal are making lots of money on trade with Iran!
Starting to develop a much better relationship with Pakistan and its leaders. I want to thank them for their cooperation on many fronts.
#WeeklyAddress???? https://t.co/riqEiBNwk2
Today, I announced our strategy to confront the Iranian regime’s hostile actions and to ensure that they never acquire a nuclear weapon. https://t.co/N4ISdjuEdC
"Consumer confidence soars to highest level since 2004"??https://t.co/RvxCPAFI2A https://t.co/U8MS9K45fX
In America, we don't worship government - we worship God. #ValuesVotersSummit https://t.co/YQ3iDlWylK
I have no greater privilege than to serve as your Commander-in-Chief. HAPPY BIRTHDAY to the incredible men and women @USNavy!#242NavyBday https://t.co/qcdB4U8CqA
The wonderful people of Puerto Rico, with their unmatched spirit, know how bad things were before the H's. I will always be with them!
Hard to believe that the Democrats, who have gone so far LEFT that they are no longer recognizable, are fighting so hard for Sanctuary crime
ObamaCare is a broken mess. Piece by piece we will now begin the process of giving America the great HealthCare it deserves!
Sadly, they and others are Fake News, and the public is just beginning to figure it out! https://t.co/8B8AyA7V1s
The Democrats ObamaCare is imploding. Massive subsidy payments to their pet insurance companies has stopped. Dems should call me to fix!
It is time to take care of OUR COUNTRY, to rebuild OUR COMMUNITIES, and to protect our GREAT AMERICAN WORKERS! #TaxReform https://t.co/FEjGjT4xp9
People are just now starting to find out how dishonest and disgusting (FakeNews) @NBCNews is. Viewers beware. May be worse than even @CNN!
Happy #NationalFarmersDay!??https://t.co/dN39R1IMlA https://t.co/QbUG1pztaI
We need a tax system that is FAIR to working FAMILIES &amp; that encourages companies to STAY in AMERICA, GROW in AMERICA, and HIRE in AMERICA! https://t.co/DdI1yWi7YZ
The time has come to take action to IMPROVE access, INCREASE choices, and LOWER COSTS for HEALTHCARE! ??https://t.co/mz5fdveTVh https://t.co/dDZLsKuNSe
The Fake News Is going all out in order to demean and denigrate! Such hatred!
...We cannot keep FEMA, the Military &amp; the First Responders, who have been amazing (under the most difficult circumstances) in P.R. forever!
...accountability say the Governor. Electric and all infrastructure was disaster before hurricanes. Congress to decide how much to spend....
"Puerto Rico survived the Hurricanes, now a financial crisis looms largely of their own making." says Sharyl Attkisson. A total lack of.....
Clips from tax speech and @seanhannity on @foxandfriends now. Have a great day!
In even the darkest moments, the light of our people has shown through their goodness, their courage and their love. #USA???? https://t.co/8JK8aM2a1L
Network news has become so partisan, distorted and fake that licenses must be challenged and, if appropriate, revoked. Not fair to public!
Joining @SeanHannity tonight at 9pmE on @FoxNews. Enjoy! https://t.co/RCfiJus5Rw
We need a tax system that is FAIR to working families &amp; that encourages companies to STAY in America, GROW in America, and HIRE in America???? https://t.co/u9ZgijgLE3
I will be interviewed tonight on @FoxNews by @SeanHannity at 9pmE. Enjoy!
Join me LIVE at 5:45pmE from Harrisburg, Pennsylvania! #TaxReform #USA????https://t.co/fDUEMpRTcE https://t.co/1mMjl1HNpl
Happy to announce we are awarding $1M to Las Vegas - in order to help local law enforcement working OT to respond to last Sunday’s tragedy.
With all of the Fake News coming out of NBC and the Networks, at what point is it appropriate to challenge their License? Bad for country!
Fake @NBCNews made up a story that I wanted a "tenfold" increase in our U.S. nuclear arsenal. Pure fiction, made up to demean. NBC = CNN!
It is about time that Roger Goodell of the NFL is finally demanding that all players STAND for our great National Anthem-RESPECT OUR COUNTRY
The Democrats want MASSIVE tax increases &amp; soft, crime producing borders.The Republicans want the biggest tax cut in history &amp; the WALL!
It would be really nice if the Fake News Media would report the virtually unprecedented Stock Market growth since the election.Need tax cuts
...if Congress gives us the massive tax cuts (and reform) I am asking for, those numbers will grow by leaps and bounds. #MAGA
Stock Market has increased by 5.2 Trillion dollars since the election on November 8th, a 25% increase. Lowest unemployment in 16 years and..
...fired. This story is totally made up by the dishonest media.The Chief is doing a FANTASTIC job for me and, more importantly, for the USA!
The Fake News is at it again, this time trying to hurt one of the finest people I know, General John Kelly, by saying he will soon be.....
My great honor to host the 2017 back-to-back #StanleyCup Champion Pittsburgh Penguins at the WH with @FLOTUS today!https://t.co/qyT4bcHVuR https://t.co/rBwGmhMnPX
The Failing @nytimes set Liddle' Bob Corker up by recording his conversation. Was made to sound a fool, and that's what I am dealing with!
Highly respected author, Christopher Bedford, just came out with book, "The Art of the Donald, Lessons from America's...." Really good book!
With Jemele Hill at the mike, it is no wonder ESPN ratings have "tanked," in fact, tanked so badly it is the talk of the industry!
Since Congress can't get its act together on HealthCare, I will be using the power of the pen to give great HealthCare to many people - FAST
The problem with agreeing to a policy on immigration is that the Democrats don't want secure borders,they don't care about safety for U.S.A.
Why is the NFL getting massive tax breaks while at the same time disrespecting our Anthem, Flag and Country? Change tax law!
We have just begun! https://t.co/x8pSdEB2Ur
A big salute to Jerry Jones, owner of the Dallas Cowboys, who will BENCH players who disrespect our Flag."Stand for Anthem or sit for game!"
"President Donald J. Trump Proclaims October 9, 2017, as #ColumbusDay" https://t.co/cbQRst4lN4
The trip by @VP Pence was long planned. He is receiving great praise for leaving game after the players showed such disrespect for country!
Our country has been unsuccessfully dealing with North Korea for 25 years, giving billions of dollars &amp; getting nothing. Policy didn't work!
"The Republican Party is racking up record amounts of small dollar donations - fueled by Trump supporters....."   @nypost  Thank you!
Nobody could have done what I’ve done for #PuertoRico with so little appreciation. So much work! https://t.co/k2jAkIpfjI
Bob Corker gave us the Iran Deal, &amp; that's about it. We need HealthCare, we need Tax Cuts/Reform, we need people that can get the job done!
FEMA and first responders are working hard (yet again) on Hurricane Nate. Military helping. Very much under control!
I asked @VP Pence to leave stadium if any players kneeled, disrespecting our country. I am proud of him and @SecondLady Karen.
...Hence, I would fully expect Corker to be a negative voice and stand in the way of our great agenda. Didn't have the guts to run!
..my endorsement). He also wanted to be Secretary of State, I said "NO THANKS." He is also largely responsible for the horrendous Iran Deal!
Senator Bob Corker "begged" me to endorse him for re-election in Tennessee. I said "NO" and he dropped out (said he could not win without...
#LasVegasStrong #USA??????https://t.co/4iGwdL4kia
Leaving the White House for the Great State of North Carolina. Big progress being made on many fronts!
Thanks for your support! https://t.co/iqUM1RfQso
...hasn't worked, agreements violated before the ink was dry, makings fools of U.S. negotiators. Sorry, but only one thing will work!
Presidents and their administrations have been talking to North Korea for 25 years, agreements made and massive amounts of money paid......
Will be joining @GovMikeHuckabee tonight at 8pmE on @TBN. Enjoy! https://t.co/Y5hGPpYZfl
Our great team at @FEMA is prepared for #HurricaneNate. Everyone in LA, MS, AL, and FL please listen to your local authorities &amp; be safe!
.@NBCNews is so knowingly inaccurate with their reporting. The good news is that the PEOPLE get it, which is really all that matters! Not #1
I called Chuck Schumer yesterday to see if the Dems want to do a great HealthCare Bill. ObamaCare is badly broken, big premiums. Who knows!
More and more people are suggesting that Republicans (and me) should be given Equal Time on T.V. when you look at the one-sided coverage?
Late Night host are dealing with the Democrats for their very "unfunny" &amp; repetitive material, always anti-Trump! Should we get Equal Time?
...contributions. The RNC is taking in far more $'s than the Dems, and much of it by my wonderful small donors. I am working hard for them!
Can't believe I finally got a good story in the @washingtonpost. It discusses the enthusiasm of "Trump" voters through campaign....
Ralph Northam,who is running for Governor of Virginia,is fighting for the violent MS-13 killer gangs &amp; sanctuary cities.  Vote Ed Gillespie!
Rex Tillerson never threatened to resign. This is Fake News put out by @NBCNews. Low news and reporting standards. No verification from me.
Stock Market hits an ALL-TIME high! Unemployment lowest in 16 years! Business and manufacturing enthusiasm at highest level in decades!
Why Isn't the Senate Intel Committee looking into the Fake News Networks in OUR country to see why so much of our news is just made up-FAKE!
Thank you! https://t.co/YMuqSvvTSB
So wonderful to be in Las Vegas yesterday and meet with people, from police to doctors to the victims themselves, who I will never forget!
On behalf of a GRATEFUL NATION, THANK YOU to all of the First Responders (HEROES) who saved countless lives in Las Vegas on Sunday night. https://t.co/ZxuMYWnNHv
WE LOVE YOU LAS VEGAS! https://t.co/nxRWeR1gEz
I will be landing in Las Vegas shortly to pay my respects with @FLOTUS Melania. Everyone remains in our thoughts and prayers.
The @NBCNews story has just been totally refuted by Sec. Tillerson and @VP Pence. It is #FakeNews. They should issue an apology to AMERICA!
NBC news is #FakeNews and more dishonest than even CNN. They are a disgrace to good reporting. No wonder their news ratings are way down!
Wow, so many Fake News stories today. No matter what I do or say, they will not write or speak truth. The Fake News Media is out of control!
A great day in Puerto Rico yesterday. While some of the news coverage is Fake, most showed great warmth and friendship.
My Administration will continue to work around the clock with Governor @RicardoRossello &amp; his team. Great progress being made! #PRStrong???? https://t.co/1aL9YrwTvC
It is a "miracle" how fast the Las Vegas Metropolitan Police were able to find the demented shooter and stop him from even more killing!
So proud of @FEMA, Military, and First Responders! Thank you! https://t.co/kWVMqVelri
Great meeting with Governor Mapp of the #USVI. He is very thankful for the great job done by @FEMA and First Responders. https://t.co/AtBGEpDF9C
Leaving Puerto Rico now for D.C. Will be in Las Vegas early tomorrow to pay my respects. Everyone is in my thoughts and prayers. https://t.co/dBvZUIUfr0
I am so proud of our great Country. God bless America!
My warmest condolences and sympathies to the victims and families of the terrible Las Vegas shooting. God bless you!
Congratulations to #TeamUSA??????on your great @PresidentsCup victory! https://t.co/fZeP1e9mo7
Being nice to Rocket Man hasn't worked in 25 years, why would it work now? Clinton failed, Bush failed, and Obama failed. I won't fail.
...Save your energy Rex, we'll do what has to be done!
I told Rex Tillerson, our wonderful Secretary of State, that he is wasting his time trying to negotiate with Little Rocket Man...
...for safety. Thank you to the Governor of P.R. and to all of those who are working so closely with our First Responders. Fantastic job!
...people are now starting to recognize the amazing work that has been done by FEMA and our great Military. All buildings now inspected.....
We have done a great job with the almost impossible situation in Puerto Rico. Outside of the Fake News or politically motivated ingrates,...
19,000 RESPECTING our National Anthem! #StandForOurAnthem???? https://t.co/czutyGaMQV
In analyzing the Alabama Primary race,FAKE NEWS always fails to mention that the candidate I endorsed went up MANY points after endorsement!
In analyzing the Alabama Primary race, Fake News always fails to mention that the candidate I endorsed went up MANY points after Election!
Because of #FakeNews my people are not getting the credit they deserve for doing a great job. As seen here, they are ALL doing a GREAT JOB! https://t.co/1ltW2t3rwy
Very important that NFL players STAND tomorrow, and always, for the playing of our National Anthem. Respect our Flag and our Country!
I will be in PR on Tues. to further ensure we continue doing everything possible to assist &amp; support the people in their time of great need.
Results of recovery efforts will speak much louder than complaints by San Juan Mayor. Doing everything we can to help great people of PR!
We must all be united in offering assistance to everyone suffering in Puerto Rico and elsewhere in the wake of this terrible disaster.
@ricardorossello ......#FakeNews critics are working overtime, but we're getting great marks from the people that truly matter! #PRStrong????
My Administration, Governor @RicardoRossello, and many others are working together to help the people of Puerto Rico in every way...
To the people of Puerto Rico:Do not believe the #FakeNews!#PRStrong????
Congresswoman Jennifer Gonzalez-Colon of Puerto Rico has been wonderful to deal with and a great representative of the people. Thank you!
Just spoke to Governor Kenneth Mapp of the U.S. Virgin Islands who stated that #FEMA and Military are doing a GREAT job! Thank you Governor!
The Governor of Puerto Rico, Ricardo Rossello, is a great guy and leader who is really working hard. Thank you Ricky!
Despite the Fake News Media in conjunction with the Dems, an amazing job is being done in Puerto Rico. Great people!
The Fake News Networks are working overtime in Puerto Rico doing their best to take the spirit away from our soldiers and first R's. Shame!
I will be going to Puerto Rico on Tuesday with Melania. Will hopefully be able to stop at the U.S. Virgin Islands (people working hard).
Fake News CNN and NBC are going out of their way to disparage our great First Responders as a way to "get Trump." Not fair to FR or effort!
The military and first responders, despite no electric, roads, phones etc., have done an amazing job. Puerto Rico was totally destroyed.
...want everything to be done for them when it should be a community effort. 10,000 Federal workers now on Island doing a fantastic job.
...Such poor leadership ability by the Mayor of San Juan, and others in Puerto Rico, who are not able to get their workers to help. They....
The Mayor of San Juan, who was very complimentary only a few days ago, has now been told by the Democrats that you must be nasty to Trump.
@IMPDnews @POTUS THANK YOU to the amazing Indianapolis Metropolitan Police Department and all law enforcement officers, for all you do 24/7/365! #LESM https://t.co/XFqxbMBEbP
Join me for my #WeeklyAddress????https://t.co/QeeKnFuHue https://t.co/NnM2jOkEs0
My thoughts are with all those observing Yom Kippur, the holiest day of the Jewish year. https://t.co/0LuZCZl29D
Thank you @ShopFloorNAM. An honor to be with you today. Great news! Manufacturers report record-high economic optimism in 2017. #TaxReform https://t.co/4sgMWGotOF
This week we came one step closer to reaching the goal of aligning the skills taught in our nation’s classrooms with the jobs of the future. https://t.co/9s1ggeIJJ5
RECORD HIGH FOR S &amp; P 500!
Thank you to FEMA, our great Military &amp; all First Responders who are working so hard,against terrible odds,in Puerto Rico. See you Tuesday!
...The fact is that Puerto Rico has been destroyed by two hurricanes. Big decisions will have to be made as to the cost of its rebuilding!
Puerto Rico Governor Ricardo Rossello just stated: "The Administration and the President, every time we've spoken, they've delivered......
GDP was revised upward to 3.1 for last quarter. Many people thought it would be years before that happened. We have just begun!
Puerto Rico is devastated. Phone system, electric grid many roads, gone. FEMA and First Responders are amazing. Governor said "great job!"
...really hard to help but many have lost their homes. Military is now on site and I will be there Tuesday. Wish press would treat fairly!
FEMA &amp; First Responders are doing a GREAT job in Puerto Rico. Massive food &amp; water delivered. Docks &amp; electric grid dead. Locals trying....
Welcome back @SteveScalise!#TeamScalise https://t.co/CoRed8rfL2
The electric power grid in Puerto Rico is totally shot. Large numbers of generators are now on Island. Food and water on site.
Democrats don't want massive tax cuts - how does that win elections? Great reviews for Tax Cut and Reform Bill.
It is time to take care of OUR people, to rebuild OUR NATION, and to fight for OUR GREAT AMERICAN WORKERS! #TaxReform #USA???? https://t.co/LsZvHg3got
This is the right TAX CUT @ the RIGHT TIME. We will ALL succeed &amp; grow TOGETHER – as one team, one people, &amp; one American family. #TaxReform https://t.co/rtLWANJjIQ
Just arrived in Indianapolis, Indiana to make an announcement on #TaxReform! Together, we are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! https://t.co/Dy9UwhkWHL
..But the people were Pro-Trump! Virtually no President has accomplished what we have accomplished in the first 9 months-and economy roaring
Facebook was always anti-Trump.The Networks were always anti-Trump hence,Fake News, @nytimes(apologized) &amp; @WaPo were anti-Trump. Collusion?
We will have the votes for Healthcare but not for the reconciliation deadline of Friday, after which we need 60. Get rid of Filibuster Rule!
With one Yes vote in hospital &amp; very positive signs from Alaska and two others (McCain is out), we have the HCare Vote, but not for Friday!
Spoke to Jerry Jones of the Dallas Cowboys yesterday. Jerry is a winner who knows how to get things done. Players will stand for Country!
Spoke to Roy Moore of Alabama last night for the first time. Sounds like a really great guy who ran a fantastic race. He will help to #MAGA!
Congratulations to Roy Moore on his Republican Primary win in Alabama. Luther Strange started way back &amp; ran a good race. Roy, WIN in Dec!
Congratulations to Roy Moore on his Republican Primary win in Alabama. Luther Strange started way back &amp; ran a good race. Roy, WIN in Nov!
Even Usain Bolt from Jamaica, one of the greatest runners and athletes of all time, showed RESPECT for our National Anthem! ???????? https://t.co/zkenuAP9RS
70 years ago today, the National Security Council met for the first time. Great history of advising Presidents-then &amp; now! Thanks NSC Staff!
Thank you to our wonderful team @USUN and their families. Keep up the GREAT work! #USA???? https://t.co/s7KhlSMEqY
It was an honor to welcome President @MarianoraJoy of Spain. Thank you for standing w/ us in our efforts to isolate the brutal #NoKo regime. https://t.co/43U4T34JgF
I want to express our support and extend our prayers to all those affected by the vile terror attack in Spain last month. ???????? https://t.co/5mT0QXFlnL
America's hearts &amp; prayers are with the people of #PuertoRico &amp; the #USVI. We will get through this - and we will get through this TOGETHER! https://t.co/NcmsF4Fqpr
Heading over to the @UN to meet with Ambassador @NikkiHaley and all of her great representatives! #USA????
Honored to welcome Republican and Democrat members of the House Ways and Means Committee to the White House today! #USA???? https://t.co/nWnX9CDP0d
ALABAMA, get out and vote for Luther Strange - he has proven to me that he will never let you down! #MAGA
The NFL has all sorts of rules and regulations. The only way out for them is to set a rule that you can't kneel during our National Anthem!
Thank you to Carmen Yulin Cruz, the Mayor of San Juan, for your kind words on FEMA etc.We are working hard. Much food and water there/on way
Great interview on @foxandfriends with the parents of Otto Warmbier: 1994 - 2017. Otto was tortured beyond belief by North Korea.
Luther Strange has been shooting up in the Alabama polls since my endorsement. Finish the job - vote today for "Big Luther."
But while Dallas dropped to its knees as a team, they all stood up for our National Anthem. Big progress being made-we all love our country!
...But while Dallas dropped to it knees as a team, they ALL stood up for our National Anthem. Big progress being made - we love our country!
The booing at the NFL football game last night, when the entire Dallas team dropped to its knees, was loudest I have ever heard. Great anger
Ratings for NFL football are way down except before game starts, when people tune in to see whether or not our country will be disrespected!
Big election tomorrow in the Great State of Alabama. Vote for Senator Luther Strange, tough on crime &amp; border - will never let you down!
A few of the many clips of John McCain talking about Repealing &amp; Replacing O'Care. My oh my has he changed-complete turn from years of talk! https://t.co/t9cXG2Io86
...owed to Wall Street and the banks which, sadly, must be dealt with. Food, water and medical are top priorities - and doing well. #FEMA
...It's old electrical grid, which was in terrible shape, was devastated. Much of the Island was destroyed, with billions of dollars....
Texas &amp; Florida are doing great but Puerto Rico, which was already suffering from broken infrastructure &amp; massive debt, is in deep trouble..
Tremendous backlash against the NFL and its players for disrespect of our Country.#StandForOurAnthem????
General John Kelly totally agrees w/ my stance on NFL players and the fact that they should not be disrespecting our FLAG or GREAT COUNTRY!
.@CNN is #FakeNews. Just reported COS (John Kelly) was opposed to my stance on NFL players disrespecting FLAG, ANTHEM, COUNTRY. Total lie!
#StandForOurAnthem
The White House never looked more beautiful than it did returning last night. Important meetings taking place today. Big tax cuts &amp; reform.
The issue of kneeling has nothing to do with race. It is about respect for our Country, Flag and National Anthem. NFL must respect this!
Many people booed the players who kneeled yesterday (which was a small percentage of total). These are fans who demand respect for our Flag!
So proud of NASCAR and its supporters and fans. They won't put up with disrespecting our Country or our Flag - they said it loud and clear!
Making America Safe is my number one priority. We will not admit those into our country we cannot safely vet.https://t.co/KJ886okyfC
Sports fans should never condone players that do not stand proud for their National Anthem or their Country. NFL should change policy!
Alaska, Arizona, Maine and Kentucky are big winners in the Healthcare proposal. 7 years of Repeal &amp; Replace and some Senators not there.
Courageous Patriots have fought and died for our great American Flag --- we MUST honor and respect it!  MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Please to inform that the Champion Pittsburgh Penguins of the NHL will be joining me at the White House for Ceremony. Great team!
Great solidarity for our National Anthem and for our Country. Standing with locked arms is good, kneeling is not acceptable. Bad ratings!
...NFL attendance and ratings are WAY DOWN. Boring games yes, but many stay away because they love our country. League should back U.S.
If NFL fans refuse to go to games until players stop disrespecting our Flag &amp; Country, you will see change take place fast. Fire or suspend!
Just heard Foreign Minister of North Korea speak at U.N. If he echoes thoughts of Little Rocket Man, they won't be around much longer!
Roger Goodell of NFL just put out a statement trying to justify the total disrespect certain players show to our country.Tell them to stand!
Democrats are laughingly saying that McCain had a "moment of courage." Tell that to the people of Arizona who were deceived. 116% increase!
Iran just test-fired a Ballistic Missile capable of reaching Israel.They are also working with North Korea.Not much of an agreement we have!
Very proud of our incredible First Lady (@FLOTUS.) She is a truly great representative for our country! https://t.co/yFv0WIjgby
...our Great American Flag (or Country) and should stand for the National Anthem. If not, YOU'RE FIRED. Find something else to do!
If a player wants the privilege of making millions of dollars in the NFL,or other leagues, he or she should not be allowed to disrespect....
Going to the White House is considered a great honor for a championship team.Stephen Curry is hesitating,therefore invitation is withdrawn!
It was great being with Luther Strange last night in Alabama. What great people, what a crowd! Vote Luther on Tuesday.
Alaska had a 200% plus increase in premiums under ObamaCare, worst in the country. Deductibles high, people angry! Lisa M comes through.
I know Rand Paul and I think he may find a way to get there for the good of the Party!
Large Block Grants to States is a good thing to do. Better control &amp;  management. Great for Arizona. McCain let his best friend L.G. down!
Arizona had a 116% increase in ObamaCare premiums last year, with deductibles very high. Chuck Schumer sold John McCain a bill of goods. Sad
John McCain never had any intention of voting for this Bill, which his Governor loves. He campaigned on Repeal &amp; Replace. Let Arizona down!
Heading to Alabama now, big crowd!
Thank you to Doug Parker and American Airlines for all of the help you have given to the U.S. with Hurricane flights. Fantastic job!
#USAatUNGA????#UNGA https://t.co/miT2Lj7Q90
Will be in Alabama tonight. Luther Strange has gained mightily since my endorsement, but will be very close. He loves Alabama, and so do I!
The greatest influence over our election was the Fake News Media "screaming" for Crooked Hillary Clinton. Next, she was a bad candidate!
The Russia hoax continues, now it's ads on Facebook. What about the totally biased and dishonest Media coverage in favor of Crooked Hillary?
Thank you! https://t.co/hlz48RLkIf
Kim Jong Un of North Korea, who is obviously a madman who doesn't mind starving or killing his people, will be tested like never before!
Rand Paul, or whoever votes against Hcare Bill, will forever (future political campaigns) be known as "the Republican who saved ObamaCare."
A big day for the U.S. at the United Nations!
Senator Luther Strange has gone up a lot in the polls since I endorsed him a month ago. Now a close runoff. He will be great in D.C.
Today, I announced a new Executive Order with re: to North Korea. We must all do our part to ensure the complete denuclearization of #NoKo. https://t.co/igjOSM7N7h
It was a great privilege to meet with President Moon of South Korea.Stay tuned! ????????#UNGA https://t.co/7xYDO5ddUm
It was wonderful to have President Petro Poroshenko of Ukraine with us in New York City today. #UNGA??https://t.co/UKOMUj0ZuL https://t.co/GpkERy8WiP
It was a pleasure to have President Ashraf Ghani of Afghanistan with us this morning! #USAatUNGA #UNGA https://t.co/HOEVfnMn14
Governor @RicardoRossello- We are with you and the people of Puerto Rico. Stay safe! #PRStrong
Senator (Doctor) Bill Cassidy is a class act who really cares about people and their Health(care), he doesn't lie-just wants to help people!
The NRA strongly endorses Luther Strange for Senator of Alabama.That means all gun owners should vote for Big Luther. He won't let you down!
I would not sign Graham-Cassidy if it did not include coverage of pre-existing conditions. It does! A great Bill. Repeal &amp; Replace.
Alabama is sooo lucky to have a candidate like "Big" Luther Strange. Smart, tough on crime, borders &amp; trade, loves Vets &amp; Military. Tuesday!
On behalf of all Americans, I want to wish Jewish families many blessings in the New Year. https://t.co/m4VWxYvONx https://t.co/iYG1G8GaLN
Honored to host a luncheon for African leaders this afternoon. Great discussions on the challenges &amp; opportunities facing our nations today. https://t.co/AbnBJtKCAI
Honored to meet w/ Pres Abbas from the Palestinian Authority &amp; his delegation, who have been working hard w/everybody involved toward peace. https://t.co/4E8awDkX93
It was a great honor to be with King Abdullah II of Jordan and his delegation this morning. We had a GREAT bilateral meeting!???????? https://t.co/6tYDHswKa3
Looking forward to Friday night in the Great State of Alabama. I am supporting "Big" Luther Strange because he was so loyal &amp; helpful to me!
I hope Republican Senators will vote for Graham-Cassidy and fulfill their promise to Repeal &amp; Replace ObamaCare. Money direct to States!
Rand Paul is a friend of mine but he is such a negative force when it comes to fixing healthcare. Graham-Cassidy Bill is GREAT! Ends Ocare!
Thank you  @foxandfriends - great show!
The world is noticing, thanks! https://t.co/2NL6SlWnmH
After allowing North Korea to research and build Nukes while Secretary of State (Bill C also), Crooked Hillary now criticizes.
Big meetings today at the United Nations. So many interesting leaders. America First will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Thank you Jacob! https://t.co/Wjjrv6KTVT
I was saddened to see how bad the ratings were on the Emmys last night - the worst ever. Smartest people of them all are the "DEPLORABLES."
So nice, thank you! https://t.co/Cg4dzHhbrv
A great and important day at the United Nations.Met with leaders of many nations who agree with much (or all) of what I stated in my speech!
Puerto Rico being hit hard by new monster Hurricane. Be careful, our hearts are with you- will be there to help!
The true question for the @UN...??https://t.co/tx5SnACAaS
It was a great honor to have spoken before the countries of the world at the United Nations.#USAatUNGA????#UNGAhttps://t.co/1maJwRGa3d https://t.co/6Hu3AeUp58
God bless the people of Mexico City. We are with you and will be there for you.
As President of the United States of America, I will ALWAYS put #AmericaFirst????#UNGAFull remarks: https://t.co/ksaMsQ2Lhm https://t.co/XrtpAWwuCn
The????has great strength &amp; patience, but if it is forced to defend itself or its allies, we will have no choice but to totally destroy #NoKo. https://t.co/P4vAanXvgm
Big day at the United Nations - many good things, and some tricky ones, happening. We have a great team. Big speech at 10:00 A.M.
#USAatUNGA???? #UNGA https://t.co/MjIJ7HG3eU
We call for the full restoration of democracy and political freedoms in Venezuela, and we want it to happen very, very soon! https://t.co/bMJDOtAesl
It was a great honor to be with President @EmmanuelMacron of France this afternoon with his delegation. Great bilateral meeting! #UNGA https://t.co/HnxDDU5d5F
Such an honor to have my good friend, Israel PM @Netanyahu, join us w/ his delegation in NYC this afternoon. #UNGA https://t.co/YEHWjdtQx8 https://t.co/jwU4e8Yk8A
Looking forward to meeting with Prime Minister @Netanyahu shortly. Peace in the Middle East would be a truly great legacy for ALL people!
We commend SG @AntonioGuterres &amp; his call for the UN to focus more on people &amp; less on bureaucracy. #USAatUNGA #UNGA https://t.co/KVvCMznmcN https://t.co/UQn6RrC9Xw
Happy 70th Birthday @CIA! https://t.co/CU3gOZMf7J
Happy 70th Birthday @USAirForce! https://t.co/snkXO40vXM
Important meetings and calls scheduled for today. Military and economy are getting stronger by the day, and our enemies know it. #MAGA
My great honor! https://t.co/x25T9tQAnI
Thank you! https://t.co/vs4MNwXtei
I spoke with President Moon of South Korea last night. Asked him how Rocket Man is doing. Long gas lines forming in North Korea. Too bad!
Attorney General Bill Schuette will be a fantastic Governor for the great State of Michigan. I am bringing back your jobs and Bill will help
I will be in Huntsville, Alabama, on Saturday night to support Luther Strange for Senate. "Big Luther" is a great guy who gets things done!
Attorney General Bill Shuette will be a fantastic Governor for the great State of Michigan. I am bringing back your jobs and Bill will help!
A great deal of good things happening for our country. Jobs and Stock Market at all time highs, and I believe will be getting even better!
HAPPY 70th BIRTHDAY to the @USAirForce! The American people are eternally grateful. Thank you for keeping America PROUD, STRONG and FREE! https://t.co/DYxkh3gj0R
We will defend our people, our nations and our civilization from all who dare to threaten our way of life...cont: https://t.co/SYBRshx89b https://t.co/sIiAuxL3OE
Our hearts &amp; prayers go out to the people of London, who suffered a vicious terrorist attack.... https://t.co/Q2hTBV2l5t
NEVER forget our HEROES held prisoner or who have gone missing in action while serving their country.Proclamation: https://t.co/4xBZGjAGj5 https://t.co/yZTr7rlpTV
Frank “FX” Giaccio-On behalf of @FLOTUS Melania &amp; myself, THANK YOU for doing a GREAT job this morning! @NatlParkService gives you an A+! https://t.co/135DxuapUI
WEEKLY ADDRESS???? https://t.co/MsaLA9POAt
CHAIN MIGRATION cannot be allowed to be part of any legislation on Immigration!
ESPN is paying a really big price for its politics (and bad programming). People are dumping it in RECORD numbers. Apologize for untruth!
We have made more progress in the last nine months against ISIS than the Obama Administration has made in 8 years.Must be proactive &amp; nasty!
The travel ban into the United States should be far larger, tougher and more specific-but stupidly, that would not be politically correct!
Loser terrorists must be dealt with in a much tougher manner.The internet is their main recruitment tool which we must cut off &amp; use better!
Another attack in London by a loser terrorist.These are sick and demented people who were in the sights of Scotland Yard. Must be proactive!
With the ridiculous Filibuster Rule in the Senate, Republicans need 60 votes to pass legislation, rather than 51. Can't get votes, END NOW!
FLORIDA-Just like TX, WE are w/you today, we are w/you tomorrow, &amp; we will be w/you EVERY SINGLE DAY AFTER, to RESTORE, RECOVER, &amp; REBUILD! https://t.co/phRMudujxJ
WE ARE WITH YOU FLORIDA!Emergency Information 1-800-342-3557https://t.co/zbWkR5VmDpVolunteer 1-800-FL-HELP-1https://t.co/ghkbVajBN0 https://t.co/2Jj85weO1U
...I told Republicans to approve healthcare fast or this would happen. But don't worry, I will veto because I love our country &amp; its people.
Bernie Sanders is pushing hard for a single payer healthcare plan - a curse on the U.S. &amp; its people...
Spoke to President of Mexico to give condolences on terrible earthquake. Unable to reach for 3 days b/c of his cell phone reception at site.
Just left Florida for D.C. The people and spirit in THAT GREAT STATE is unbelievable. Damage horrific but will be better than ever!
Am leaving now for Florida to see our GREAT first responders and to thank the U.S. Coast Guard, FEMA etc. A real disaster, much work to do!
...They have been in our country for many years through no fault of their own - brought in by parents at young age. Plus BIG border security
Does anybody really want to throw out good, educated and accomplished young people who have jobs, some serving in the military? Really!.....
The WALL, which is already under construction in the form of new renovation of old and existing fences and walls, will continue to be built.
No deal was made last night on DACA. Massive border security would have to be agreed to in exchange for consent. Would be subject to vote.
The "deplorables" came back to haunt Hillary.They expressed their feelings loud and clear. She spent big money but, in the end, had no game!
Crooked Hillary Clinton blames everybody (and every thing) but herself for her election loss. She lost the debates and lost her direction!
China has a business tax rate of 15%. We should do everything possible to match them in order to win with our economy. Jobs and wages!
With Irma and Harvey devastation, Tax Cuts and Tax Reform is needed more than ever before. Go Congress, go!
I will be traveling to Florida tomorrow to meet with our great Coast Guard, FEMA and many of the brave first responders &amp; others.
The approval process for the biggest Tax Cut &amp; Tax Reform package in the history of our country will soon begin. Move fast Congress!
It was a great honor to welcome Prime Minister Najib Abdul Razak of Malaysia and his distinguished delegation to the @WhiteHouse today! https://t.co/3pWrBOh8dG
Congratulations to Eric &amp; Lara on the birth of their son, Eric "Luke" Trump this morning! https://t.co/Aw0AV82XdE
The devastation left by Hurricane Irma was far greater, at least in certain locations,than anyone thought - but amazing people working hard!
Fascinating to watch people writing books and major articles about me and yet they know nothing about me &amp; have zero access. #FAKE NEWS!
May God Forever Bless the United States of America. #NeverForget911 https://t.co/erycJgj23r
#NeverForget https://t.co/rmQ1a5bDon
The U.S. Coast Guard, FEMA and all Federal and State brave people are ready. Here comes Irma. God bless everyone!
Heed the advice of @FLGovScott!"If you're in an evacuation zone, you need to get to a shelter...there's not many hours left." Gov. Scott https://t.co/92W8ViNMUK
This is a storm of enormous destructive power, and I ask everyone in the storm’s path to heed ALL instructions from government officials. https://t.co/nJfM2Sdme1
FLORIDA- Visit https://t.co/pdBaD9t8SK to find shelters, road closures, &amp; evacuation routes. Helpful Twitter list: https://t.co/BUMVlxGFe8 https://t.co/ncnuqCeB5K
Churches in Texas should be entitled to reimbursement from FEMA Relief Funds for helping victims of Hurricane Harvey (just like others).
A message to my fellow Americans????#IrmaHurricane2017??https://t.co/jyg6AlyAAb??https://t.co/iPujtHzejr https://t.co/HCQ9kmKc4E
Republicans must start the Tax Reform/Tax Cut legislation ASAP. Don't wait until the end of September. Needed now more than ever. Hurry!
...never allow the Republicans to pass even great legislation. 8 Dems control - will rarely get 60 (vs. 51) votes. It is a Repub Death Wish!
Republicans, sorry, but I've been hearing about Repeal &amp; Replace for 7 years, didn't happen! Even worse, the Senate Filibuster Rule will....
Our incredible U.S. Coast Guard saved more than 15,000 lives last week with Harvey. Irma could be even tougher. We love our Coast Guard!
Hurricane Irma is of epic proportion, perhaps bigger than we have ever seen. Be safe and get out of its way,if possible. Federal G is ready!
We will confront ANY challenge, no matter how strong the winds or high the water. I’m proud to stand with Presidents for #OneAmericaAppeal.
I encourage EVERYONE in the path of #HurricaneIrma to heed the advice and orders of local &amp; state officials! https://t.co/AQmawTpZs0
During my trip to Saudi Arabia, I spoke to the leaders of more than 50 Arab &amp; Muslim nations about the need to confront our shared enemies.. https://t.co/8oeAQfIeX8
Together, we will show the world that the forces of destruction and extremism are NO MATCH for the BLESSINGS of PROSPERITY and PEACE! https://t.co/aL6In83eWK
Welcome to the @WhiteHouse, Amir Sabah al-Ahmed al-Jaber al-Sabah of Kuwait! Joint press conference coming up soon: https://t.co/8T4Nyzlp4Y https://t.co/lfRa4AATaM
For all of those (DACA) that are concerned about your status during the 6 month period, you have nothing to worry about - No action!
Thank you, our great honor! https://t.co/StrciEwuWs
Hurricane Irma is raging but we have great teams of talented and brave people already in place and ready to help. Be careful, be safe! #FEMA
We want our companies to hire &amp; grow in AMERICA, to raise wages for AMERICAN workers, &amp; to help rebuild our AMERICAN cities &amp; towns! #USA???? https://t.co/sglubjcbW4
If we want to renew our PROSPERITY, restore OPPORTUNITY, &amp; re-establish our economic DOMINANCE, then we need tax reform that is pro-growth.. https://t.co/9NzLg2Qzpo
Thank you for joining me in Mandan, ND Gov. @DougBurgum, Lt. Gov. @BrentSanfordND, @SenJohnHoeven, @RepKevinCramer &amp; @SenatorHeitkamp. https://t.co/8nIvtHvpu6
Wonderful to be in North Dakota with the incredible hardworking men &amp; women @ the Andeavor Refinery. Full remarks: ??https://t.co/uxBpyeERUm https://t.co/fV9R9gJxDS
Just spoke w/ Governors Rick Scott of Florida, Kenneth Mapp of the U.S. Virgin Islands &amp; Ricardo Rosselló of Puerto Rico. WE ARE W/ YOU ALL! https://t.co/k92cslgKFa
'President Donald J. Trump Approves Emergency Declarations'??https://t.co/xSHSyNkvuP??https://t.co/UbBSFOhMM7??https://t.co/xWOfp9Z9iR https://t.co/qoJOM54Gy8
Hurricane looks like largest ever recorded in the Atlantic!
Watching Hurricane closely. My team, which has done, and is doing, such a good job in Texas, is already in Florida. No rest for the weary!
Will be going to North Dakota today to discuss tax reform and tax cuts. We are the highest taxed nation in the world - that will change.
Congress now has 6 months to legalize DACA (something the Obama Administration was unable to do). If they can't, I will revisit this issue!
I look forward to working w/ D's + R's in Congress to address immigration reform in a way that puts hardworking citizens of our country 1st.
I am allowing Japan &amp; South Korea to buy a substantially increased amount of highly sophisticated military equipment from the United States.
Congress, get ready to do your job - DACA!
Big week coming up!
We are building our future with American hands, American labor, American iron, aluminum and steel. Happy #LaborDay! https://t.co/lyvtNfQ5IO
The United States is considering, in addition to other options, stopping all trade with any country doing business with North Korea.
I will be meeting General Kelly, General Mattis and other military leaders at the White House to discuss North Korea. Thank you.
South Korea is finding, as I have told them, that their talk of appeasement with North Korea will not work, they only understand one thing!
..North Korea is a rogue nation which has become a great threat and embarrassment to China, which is trying to help but with little success.
North Korea has conducted a major Nuclear Test. Their words and actions continue to be very hostile and dangerous to the United States.....
So much SPIRIT in LA! Thank you to all of our HEREOS who saved many lives. An honor to spend time w/ @NationalGuard, #LEOs &amp; the #CajunNavy! https://t.co/7PEtSL6RKF
Remember, Sunday is National Prayer Day (by Presidential Proclamation)!
Just got back to the White House from the Great States of Texas and Louisiana, where things are going well. Such cooperation &amp; coordination!
The Manufacturing Index rose to 59%, the highest level since early 2011 - and we can do much better!
Together, we will prevail in the GREAT state of Texas. We love you!GOD BLESS TEXAS &amp; GOD BLESS THE USA???? https://t.co/1rzmEenQIb
TEXAS: We are with you today, we are with you tomorrow, and we will be with you EVERY SINGLE DAY AFTER, to restore, recover, and REBUILD! https://t.co/p1Fh8jmmFA
Departing for Texas and Louisiana with @FLOTUS Melania right now @JBA_NAFW. We will see you soon. America is with you! https://t.co/z3bHVdJVPr
On behalf of @FLOTUS Melania &amp; myself, THANK YOU for today's update &amp; GREAT WORK! #SouthernBaptist @SendRelief, @RedCross &amp; @SalvationArmyUS https://t.co/DLgFNiCxN2
I will be going to Texas and Louisiana tomorrow with First Lady. Great progress being made! Spending weekend working at White House.
Stock Market up 5 months in a row!
'President Donald J. Trump Proclaims September 3, 2017, as a National Day of Prayer' #HurricaneHarvey #PrayForTexas https://t.co/shen5JxChQ https://t.co/MpLB7WpxfT
Texas is healing fast thanks to all of the great men &amp; women who have been working so hard. But still so much to do. Will be back tomorrow!
...get things done at a record clip. Many big decisions to be made over the coming days and weeks. AMERICA FIRST!
General John Kelly is doing a great job as Chief of Staff. I could not be happier or more impressed - and this Administration continues to..
Wow, looks like James Comey exonerated Hillary Clinton long before the investigation was over...and so much more. A rigged system!
Texas is heeling fast thanks to all of the great men &amp; women who have been working so hard. But still, so much to do. Will be back tomorrow!
THANK YOU to all of the incredible HEROES in Texas. America is with you! #TexasStrong https://t.co/8N4ABo9Ihp
First responders have been doing heroic work. Their courage &amp; devotion has saved countless lives – they represent the very best of America! https://t.co/I0gvCQLTKO
Texas &amp; Louisiana: We are w/ you today, we are w/ you tomorrow, &amp; we will be w/ you EVERY SINGLE DAY AFTER, to restore, recover, &amp; REBUILD! https://t.co/YQb82K2VSB
Will be leaving for Missouri soon for a speech on tax cuts and tax reform - so badly needed!
After reading the false reporting and even ferocious anger in some dying magazines, it makes me wonder, WHY? All I want to do is #MAGA!
After witnessing first hand the horror &amp; devastation caused by Hurricane Harvey,my heart goes out even more so to the great people of Texas!
The U.S. has been talking to North Korea, and paying them extortion money, for 25 years. Talking is not the answer!
.@foxandfriends   We are not looking to fill all of those positions. Don't need many of them - reduce size of government. @IngrahamAngle
Leaving now for Texas!
HISTORIC rainfall in Houston, and all over Texas. Floods are unprecedented, and more rain coming. Spirit of the people is incredible.Thanks!
Major rescue operations underway!
Going to a Cabinet Meeting (tele-conference) at 11:00 A.M. on #Harvey. Even experts have said they've never seen one like this!
We are in the NAFTA (worst trade deal ever made) renegotiation process with Mexico &amp; Canada.Both being very difficult,may have to terminate?
With Mexico being one of the highest crime Nations in the world, we must have THE WALL. Mexico will pay for it through reimbursement/other.
Wow - Now experts are calling #Harvey a once in 500 year flood! We have an all out effort going, and going well!
I will also be going to a wonderful state, Missouri, that I won by a lot in '16. Dem C.M. is opposed to big tax cuts. Republican will win S!
I will be going to Texas as soon as that trip can be made without causing disruption. The focus must be life and safety.
Many people are now saying that this is the worst storm/hurricane they have ever seen. Good news is that we have great talent on the ground.
Great coordination between agencies at all levels of government. Continuing rains and flash floods are being dealt with. Thousands rescued.
A great book by a great guy, highly recommended! https://t.co/3jbDDN8YmJ
Wonderful coordination between Federal, State and Local Governments in the Great State of Texas - TEAMWORK! Record setting rainfall.
THANK YOU to all of the great volunteers helping out with #HurricaneHarvey relief in Texas! https://t.co/Ds95oSgo8f
Closely monitoring #HurricaneHarvey from Camp David. We are leaving nothing to chance. City, State and Federal Govs. working great together!
.@ChuckGrassley - got your message loud and clear. We have fantastic people on the ground, got there long before #Harvey. So far, so good!
You are doing a great job - the world is watching! Be safe. https://t.co/PJLdxy3hD9
We will remain fully engaged w/ open lines of communication as #HurricaneHarvey makes landfall. America is w/ you! @GovAbbott @FEMA @DHSgov https://t.co/PryIqRxgLr
I am pleased to inform you that I have just granted a full Pardon to 85 year old American patriot Sheriff Joe Arpaio. He kept Arizona safe!
At the request of the Governor of Texas, I have signed the Disaster Proclamation, which unleashes the full force of government help!
Storm turned Hurricane is getting much bigger and more powerful than projected. Federal Government is on site and ready to respond. Be safe!
Just arrived at Camp David, where I am monitoring the path and doings of Hurricane Harvey (as it strengthens to a Class 3). 125 MPH winds!
Just arrived at Camp David where I am closely watching the path and doings of Hurricane Harvey, as it strengthens to a Category 3. BE SAFE!
I encourage everyone in the path of #HurricaneHarvey to heed the advice &amp; orders of their local and state officials. https://t.co/N6uEWCZUrv
Received a #HurricaneHarvey briefing this morning from Acting @DHSgov Secretary Elaine Duke, @FEMA_Brock, @TomBossert45 and COS John Kelly. https://t.co/cnkRZd6D6Z
I have spoken w/ @GovAbbott of Texas and @LouisianaGov Edwards. Closely monitoring #HurricaneHarvey developments &amp; here to assist as needed.
Strange statement by Bob Corker considering that he is constantly asking me whether or not he should run again in '18. Tennessee not happy!
Nick Adams, "Retaking America"  "Best things of this presidency aren't reported about. Convinced this will be perhaps best presidency ever."
Few, if any, Administrations have done more in just 7 months than the Trump A. Bills passed, regulations killed, border, military, ISIS, SC!
General John Kelly is doing a fantastic job as Chief of Staff. There is tremendous spirit and talent in the W.H. Don't believe the Fake News
If Senate Republicans don't get rid of the Filibuster Rule and go to a 51% majority, few bills will be passed. 8 Dems control the Senate!
A GREAT HONOR to spend time with our BRAVE HEROES at the @USMC Air Station Yuma. THANK YOU for your service to the United States of America! https://t.co/4lJ94nxODu
A great honor to spend time with our brave HEROES at the @USMC Air Station Yuma. THANK YOU for your service to the United Staes of America! https://t.co/FUtGBoTJLo
As #HurricaneHarvey intensifies - remember to #PlanAhead. ??https://t.co/FMdmvohypy??https://t.co/YL56ldeqoW ??https://t.co/t1s4AL3B47 https://t.co/tpXmOK70ug
On Tuesday, I visited with the incredible men &amp; women of @ICEgov &amp; @DHSgov Border Patrol in Yuma, AZ. Thank you. We respect &amp; cherish you! https://t.co/KSQddGqWzJ
The only problem I have with Mitch McConnell is that, after hearing Repeal &amp; Replace for 7 years, he failed!That should NEVER have happened!
James Clapper, who famously got caught lying to Congress, is now an authority on Donald Trump. Will he show you his beautiful letter to me?
..(enthusiastic, dynamic and fun) and the American Legion - V.A. (respectful and strong). Too bad the Dems have no one who can change tones!
James Clapper, who famously got caught lying to Congress, is now an authority on Donald Trump. Will he show you his beautiful letter to me?
...(enthusiastic, dynamic and fun) and the American Legion - V.A. (respectful and strong). To bad the Dems have no one who can change tones!
The Fake News is now complaining about my different types of back to back speeches. Well, there was Afghanistan (somber), the big Rally.....
...(enthusiastic, dynamic and fun) and the American Legion - V.A. (respectful and strong).To bad the Dems have no one who can change tones!
The Fake News is now complaining about my different types of back to back speeches. Well, their was Afghanistan (somber), the big Rally.....
...didn't do it so now we have a big deal with Dems holding them up (as usual) on Debt Ceiling approval. Could have been so easy-now a mess!
I requested that Mitch M &amp; Paul R tie the Debt Ceiling legislation into the popular V.A. Bill (which just passed) for easy approval. They...
Donald E. Ballard, on behalf of the people of the United States, THANK YOU for your courageous service. YOU INSPIRE US ALL! #ALConv2017 https://t.co/46m20cJkLB
A great honor to sign the Veterans Appeals Improvement &amp; Modernization Act into law w/ @AmericanLegion @SecShulkin.??https://t.co/fr2sf9oRvd https://t.co/bICsRm1tQx
As long as we have faith in each other and confidence in our values, then there is no challenge too great for us to conquer! #ALConv2017 https://t.co/tsIAgHbFM7
If Republican Senate doesn't get rid of the Filibuster Rule &amp; go to a simple majority, which the Dems would do, they are just wasting time!
Last night in Phoenix I read the things from my statements on Charlottesville that the Fake News Media didn't cover fairly. People got it!
Phoenix crowd last night was amazing - a packed house. I love the Great State of Arizona. Not a fan of Jeff Flake, weak on crime &amp; border!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! https://t.co/RzePiucV3h
#DrainTheSwamp #PhoenixRally https://t.co/o7S6xoCBiC
Not only does the media give a platform to hate groups, but the media turns a blind eye to the gang violence on our streets! https://t.co/Mau0B1qYIP
Thank you Arizona. Beautiful turnout of 15,000 in Phoenix tonight! Full coverage of rally via my Facebook at: https://t.co/s0D12EFs40 https://t.co/WT4D9Vsen1
THANK YOU to all of the great men and women at the U.S. Customs and Border Protection facility in Yuma, Arizona &amp; around the United States! https://t.co/tjFx8XjhDz
We will push onward to victory w/hope in our hearts, courage in our souls &amp; everlasting pride in each &amp; every one of you. God Bless America. https://t.co/44QYFSq07a
See you at 7:00 P.M. tonight Phoenix, Arizona! #MAGA????Tickets: https://t.co/2kUQfKqbsx https://t.co/1w3LVkpESE
We pray for our fallen heroes who died while serving our country in the @USNavy aboard the  #USSJohnSMcCain, and their families. https://t.co/t3kD8qj9Mt
Was with great people last night in Fort Myer, Virginia. The future of our country is strong!
Address to the NationFull Video &amp; Transcript:https://t.co/FELdImTuUM https://t.co/6ly3fNatiX
Thank you to the men and women of Fort Myer, and every member of the U.S. Military at home and abroad. #USA???? https://t.co/ticezYKkhz
Join me live from Fort Myer in Arlington, Virginia. ??https://t.co/LOV4StdJDj
Thank you, the very dishonest Fake News Media is out of control! https://t.co/8J7y900VGK
Jerry Falwell of Liberty University was fantastic on @foxandfriends. The Fake News should listen to what he had to say. Thanks Jerry!
Thoughts &amp; prayers are w/ our @USNavy sailors aboard the #USSJohnSMcCain where search &amp; rescue efforts are underway. https://t.co/DQU0zTRXNU
Heading back to Washington after working hard and watching some of the worst and most dishonest Fake News reporting I have ever seen!
I want to applaud the many protestors in Boston who are speaking out against bigotry and hate. Our country will soon come together as one!
Our great country has been divided for decades. Sometimes you need protest in order to heal, &amp; we will heal, &amp; be stronger than ever before!
Our great country has been divided for decades. Sometimes you need protest in order to heel, &amp; we will heel, &amp; be stronger than ever before!
Great job by all law enforcement officers and Boston Mayor @Marty_Walsh.
Looks like many anti-police agitators in Boston. Police are looking tough and smart! Thank you.
Steve Bannon will be a tough and smart new voice at @BreitbartNews...maybe even better than ever before. Fake News needs the competition!
Important day spent at Camp David with our very talented Generals and military leaders. Many decisions made, including on Afghanistan.
I want to thank Steve Bannon for his service. He came to the campaign during my run against Crooked Hillary Clinton - it was great! Thanks S
My thoughts and prayers are with the @KissimmeePolice and their loved ones. We are with you!#LESM
Today, I signed the Global War on Terrorism War Memorial Act (#HR873.) The bill authorizes....cont??https://t.co/c3zIkdtowc https://t.co/re6n0MS0cj
Just returned to Bedminster, NJ from Camp David. GREAT meeting on National Security, the Border and the Military! #MAGA???? https://t.co/Hjmcnnse9j
I have directed that U.S. Cyber Command be elevated to the status of a Unified Combatant Command focused on....cont: https://t.co/3iScfuMw9s
Heading to Camp David for major meeting on National Security, the Border and the Military (which we are rapidly building to strongest ever).
Radical Islamic Terrorism must be stopped by whatever means necessary! The courts must give us back our protective rights. Have to be tough!
The Obstructionist Democrats make Security for our country very difficult. They use the courts and associated delay at all times. Must stop!
Homeland Security and law enforcement are on alert &amp; closely watching for any sign of trouble. Our borders are far tougher than ever before!
Study what General Pershing of the United States did to terrorists when caught. There was no more Radical Islamic Terror for 35 years!
The United States condemns the terror attack in Barcelona, Spain, and will do whatever is necessary to help. Be tough &amp; strong, we love you!
...the beauty that is being taken out of our cities, towns and parks will be greatly missed and never able to be comparably replaced!
...can't change history, but you can learn from it. Robert E Lee, Stonewall Jackson - who's next, Washington, Jefferson? So foolish! Also...
Sad to see the history and culture of our great country being ripped apart with the removal of our beautiful statues and monuments. You.....
Many meetings today in Bedminster including with Secretary Linda M and Small Business. Job numbers are looking great!
Great to see that Dr. Kelli Ward is running against Flake Jeff Flake, who is WEAK on borders, crime and a non-factor in Senate. He's toxic!
The public is learning (even more so) how dishonest the Fake News is. They totally misrepresent what I say about hate, bigotry etc. Shame!
...and people like Ms. Heyer. Such a disgusting lie. He just can't forget his election trouncing.The people of South Carolina will remember!
Publicity seeking Lindsey Graham falsely stated that I said there is moral equivalency between the KKK, neo-Nazis &amp; white supremacists......
THANK YOU @MayorGimenez for following the RULE OF LAW! Sanctuary cities make our country LESS SAFE! Full remarks: https://t.co/Kz2EsQ3f1v https://t.co/vD3BB3hyti
Join me at 7:00 P.M. on Tuesday, August 22nd in Phoenix, Arizona at the Phoenix Convention Center! Tickets at: https://t.co/2kUQfKqbsx https://t.co/5ua74dlVtq
Today in Bedminster I signed the Harry W. Colmery Veterans Educational Assistance Act of 2017, joined by @DeptVetAffairs @SecShulkin. https://t.co/oMUIZ8X7oB
Just landed in Bedminster, New Jersey. #MAGA ??https://t.co/6EQfmRzrnv
Rather than putting pressure on the businesspeople of the Manufacturing Council &amp; Strategy &amp; Policy Forum, I am ending both. Thank you all!
Memorial service today for beautiful and incredible Heather Heyer, a truly special young woman. She will be long remembered by all!
Wow, Senator Luther Strange picked up a lot of additional support since my endorsement. Now in September runoff. Strong on Wall &amp; Crime!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Kim Jong Un of North Korea made a very wise and well reasoned decision. The alternative would have been both catastrophic and unacceptable!
Congratulations John! https://t.co/vhmv7Qoutk
Congratulation to Roy Moore and Luther Strange for being the final two and heading into a September runoff in Alabama. Exciting race!
Amazon is doing great damage to tax paying retailers. Towns, cities and states throughout the U.S. are being hurt - many jobs being lost!
For every CEO that drops out of the Manufacturing Council, I have many to take their place. Grandstanders should not have gone on. JOBS!
Big day in Alabama. Vote for Luther Strange, he will be great!
@foxandfriends According to report just out, President Obama knew about Russian interference 3 years ago but he didn't want to anger Russia!
Senator Luther Strange, who is doing a great job for the people of Alabama, will be on @foxandfriends at 7:15. Tough on crime, borders etc.
Feels good to be home after seven months, but the White House is very special, there is no place like it... and the U.S. is really my home!
Made additional remarks on Charlottesville and realize once again that the #Fake News Media will never be satisfied...truly bad people!
Leaving for New York City and meetings on military purchases and trade.
Big day in Washington, D.C., even though White House &amp; Oval Office are being renovated. Great trade deals coming for American workers!
.@Merck Pharma is a leader in higher &amp; higher drug prices while at the same time taking jobs out of the U.S. Bring jobs back &amp; LOWER PRICES!
Now that Ken Frazier of Merck Pharma has resigned from President's Manufacturing Council,he will have more time to LOWER RIPOFF DRUG PRICES!
The Obstructionist Democrats have given us (or not fixed) some of the worst trade deals in World History. I am changing that fast!
Luther Strange of the Great State of Alabama has my endorsement. He is strong on Border &amp; Wall, the military, tax cuts &amp; law enforcement.
Heading to Washington this morning. Much work to do. Focus on trade and military. #MAGA
Condolences to the family of the young woman killed today, and best regards to all of those injured, in Charlottesville, Virginia. So sad!
Deepest condolences to the families &amp; fellow officers of the VA State Police who died today. You're all among the best this nation produces.
We will continue to follow developments in Charlottesville, and will provide whatever assistance is needed. We are ready, willing and able. https://t.co/mCTYBgUePi
We must remember this truth: No matter our color, creed, religion or political party, we are ALL AMERICANS FIRST. https://t.co/FesMiQSKKn
What is vital now is a swift restoration of law and order and the protection of innocent lives.#Charlottesville https://t.co/DB22fgnu6L
Join me live from Bedminster, New Jersey: https://t.co/P3cRVvE0cY
Am in Bedminster for meetings &amp; press conference on V.A. &amp; all that we have done, and are doing, to make it better-but Charlottesville sad!
We ALL must be united &amp; condemn all that hate stands for. There is no place for this kind of violence in America. Lets come together as one!
Press Conference - Following National Security Briefing in Bedminster, New Jersey. ??https://t.co/v5O8GglOIK https://t.co/H1Zi5XRKEo
As promised on the campaign trail, we will provide opportunity for Americans to gain skills needed to succeed &amp; thrive as the economy grows! https://t.co/ZycW4PPcU5
"Consumer Comfort Reaches 16-Year High on U.S. Economic Optimism" via Bloomberg https://t.co/X6KdszrxsS
We want to make sure that we have the workforce development programs we need to ensure these jobs are.... https://t.co/tyqbvvmBn4
Military solutions are now fully in place,locked and loaded,should North Korea act unwisely.  Hopefully Kim Jong Un will find another path!
"Trump approval rebounds to 45%, surges among Hispanics, union homes, men" https://t.co/vvJMDv9Gjl
.@IvankaTrump will lead the U.S. delegation to India this fall, supporting women’s entrepreneurship globally.#GES2017 @narendramodi
Mitch, get back to work and put Repeal &amp; Replace, Tax Reform &amp; Cuts and a great Infrastructure Bill on my desk for signing. You can do it!
Can you believe that Mitch McConnell, who has screamed Repeal &amp; Replace for 7 years, couldn't get it done. Must Repeal &amp; Replace ObamaCare!
#GodBlessTheUSA???? https://t.co/Fkq2gJQOKk
Senator Mitch McConnell said I had "excessive expectations," but I don't think so. After 7 years of hearing Repeal &amp; Replace, why not done?
...Hopefully we will never have to use this power, but there will never be a time that we are not the most powerful nation in the world!
My first order as President was to renovate and modernize our nuclear arsenal. It is now far stronger and more powerful than ever before....
Senator Luther Strange has done a great job representing the people of the Great State of Alabama. He has my complete and total endorsement!
After 200 days, rarely has any Administration achieved what we have achieved..not even close! Don't believe the Fake News Suppression Polls!
E-mails show that the AmazonWashingtonPost and the FailingNewYorkTimes were reluctant to cover the Clinton/Lynch secret meeting in plane.
After many years of failure,countries are coming together to  finally address the dangers posed by North Korea. We must be tough &amp; decisive!
I will be holding a major briefing on the Opioid crisis, a major problem for our country, today at 3:00 P.M. in Bedminster, N.J.
I think Senator Blumenthal should take a nice long vacation in Vietnam, where he lied about his service, so he can at least say he was there
How much longer will the failing nytimes, with its big losses and massive unfunded liability (and non-existent sources), remain in business?
The Fake News Media will not talk about the importance of the United Nations Security Council's 15-0 vote in favor of sanctions on N. Korea!
On #PurpleHeartDay??I thank all the brave men and women who have sacrificed in battle for this GREAT NATION! #USA???? https://t.co/QmfdLSLp6p
...conquests, how brave he was, and it was all a lie. He cried like a baby and begged for forgiveness like a child. Now he judges collusion?
Never in U.S.history has anyone lied or defrauded voters like Senator Richard Blumenthal. He told stories about his Vietnam battles and....
Interesting to watch Senator Richard Blumenthal of Connecticut talking about hoax Russian collusion when he was a  phony Vietnam con artist!
Working hard from New Jersey while White House goes through long planned renovation. Going to New York next week for more meetings.
Hard to believe that with 24/7 #Fake News on CNN, ABC, NBC, CBS, NYTIMES &amp; WAPO, the Trump base is getting stronger!
... Supreme Court pick, economic enthusiasm, deregulation &amp; so much more have driven the Trump base even closer together. Will never change!
...and West Virginia. The fact is the Fake News Russian collusion story, record Stock Market, border security, military strength, jobs.....
The Trump base is far bigger &amp;  stronger than ever before (despite some phony Fake News polling). Look at rallies in Penn, Iowa, Ohio.......
The failing @nytimes, which has made every wrong prediction about me including my big election win (apologized), is totally inept!
Just completed call with President Moon of South Korea. Very happy and impressed with 15-0 United Nations vote on North Korea sanctions.
The Fake News refuses to report the success of the first 6 months: S.C., surging economy &amp; jobs,border &amp; military security,ISIS &amp; MS-13 etc.
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! https://t.co/g4ELhh9joH
United Nations Resolution is the single largest economic sanctions package ever on North Korea. Over one billion dollars in cost to N.K.
Thank you Nicole! https://t.co/KlWN05uFOx
After many years of LEAKS going on in Washington, it is great to see the A.G. taking action! For National Security, the tougher the better!
The United Nations Security Council just voted 15-0 to sanction North Korea. China and Russia voted with us. Very big financial impact!
Working in Bedminster, N.J., as long planned construction is being done at the White House. This is not a vacation - meetings and calls!
"Under Trump, gains against #ISIS have dramatically accelerated"https://t.co/jNtOTh0moL
Prosperity is coming back to our shores because we are putting America WORKERS and FAMILIES first. #AmericaFirst???? https://t.co/4kTc6Om308
Great work being done by @FEMA @DHSgov w/state &amp; local leaders to prepare for hurricane season. Preparedness is an investment in our future! https://t.co/e4rbchY3zM
No matter the mission, the brave men &amp; women of our @USCG proudly answer the call to serve 24/7/365. THANK YOU and HAPPY BIRTHDAY! #CG227???? https://t.co/GY555t0vzN
Excellent Jobs Numbers just released - and I have only just begun. Many job stifling regulations continue to fall. Movement back to USA!
West Virginia was incredible last night. Crowds and enthusiasm were beyond, GDP at 3%, wow!Dem Governor became a Republican last night.
Consumer confidence is at a 16 year high....and for good reason. Much more regulation "busting" to come. Working hard on tax cuts &amp; reform!
....and don't forget that Foxconn will be spending up to 10 billion dollars on a top of the line plant/plants in Wisconsin.
Toyota &amp; Mazda to build a new $1.6B plant here in the U.S.A. and create 4K new American jobs. A great investment in American manufacturing!
Thank you West Virginia! All across the country, Americans of every kind are coming together w/one simple goal: to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! https://t.co/thRh7htVbH
Just arrived in West Virginia for a MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN rally in Huntington at 7:00pmE. Massive crowd expected - tune in! #MAGA????
Our GREAT VETERANS can now connect w/ their VA healthcare team from anywhere, using #VAVideoConnect - available at: https://t.co/WFFHLWn8nF. https://t.co/Dmq4htSps9
Today, I  announced another historic breakthrough for the VA. We are working tirelessly to keep our promises to our GREAT VETERANS! #USA https://t.co/LexSINeM1J
See you tonight Huntington, West Virginia!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain????Tickets: https://t.co/ERU0xUWdCr https://t.co/obtDsdV94t
Our relationship with Russia is at an all-time &amp; very dangerous  low. You can thank Congress, the same people that can't even give us HCare!
I am continuing to get rid of costly and unnecessary regulations. Much work left to do but effect will be great! Business &amp; jobs will grow.
Business is looking better than ever with business enthusiasm at record levels. Stock Market at an all-time high. That doesn't just happen!
I love the White House, one of the most beautiful buildings (homes) I have ever seen. But Fake News said I called it a dump - TOTALLY UNTRUE
I campaigned on creating a merit-based immigration system that protects U.S. workers &amp; taxpayers. Watch: https://t.co/lv3ScSKnF6 #RAISEAct https://t.co/zCFK5OfYnB
"Why the Rust Belt just gave Donald Trump a hero's welcome"https://t.co/nqiZ8h8ajk
It was my great honor to pay tribute to a VET who went above &amp; beyond the call of duty to PROTECT our COMRADES, our COUNTRY, &amp; OUR FREEDOM! https://t.co/YS6y1WR30G
Small business owners are the DREAMERS &amp; INNOVATORS who are powering us into the future!Read more and watch here: https://t.co/hZE3fUqKDf https://t.co/TJn5x6HrFG
Only the Fake News Media and Trump enemies want me to stop using Social Media (110 million people). Only way for me to get the truth out!
"Corporations have NEVER made as much money as they are making now." Thank you Stuart Varney @foxandfriends Jobs are starting to roar,watch!
Stock Market could hit all-time high (again) 22,000 today. Was 18,000 only 6 months ago on Election Day. Mainstream media seldom mentions!
A great day at the White House!
Highest Stock Market EVER, best economic numbers in years, unemployment lowest in 17 years, wages raising, border secure, S.C.: No WH chaos!
If ObamaCare is hurting people, &amp; it is, why shouldn't it hurt the insurance companies &amp; why should Congress not be paying what public pays?
Don't give up Republican Senators, the World is watching: Repeal &amp; Replace...and go to 51 votes (nuke option), get Cross State Lines &amp; more.
...they do NOTHING for us with North Korea, just talk. We will no longer allow this to continue. China could easily solve this problem!
I am very disappointed in China. Our foolish past leaders have allowed them to make hundreds of billions of dollars a year in trade, yet...
I love reading about all of the "geniuses" who were so instrumental in my election success. Problem is, most don't exist. #Fake News! MAGA
Unless the Republican Senators are total quitters, Repeal &amp; Replace is not dead! Demand another vote before voting on any other bill!
U.S. Stock Market up almost 20% since Election!
If a new HealthCare Bill is not approved quickly, BAILOUTS for Insurance Companies and BAILOUTS for Members of Congress will end very soon!
After seven years of "talking" Repeal &amp; Replace, the people of our great country are still being forced to live with imploding ObamaCare!
If the Senate Democrats ever got the chance, they would switch to a 51 majority vote in first minute. They are laughing at R's. MAKE CHANGE!
....8 Dems totally control the U.S. Senate. Many great Republican bills will never pass, like Kate's Law and complete Healthcare. Get smart!
Republicans in the Senate will NEVER win if they don't go to a 51 vote majority NOW. They look like fools and are just wasting time......
The very outdated filibuster rule must go. Budget reconciliation is killing R's in Senate. Mitch M, go to 51 Votes NOW and WIN. IT'S TIME!
Republican Senate must get rid of 60 vote NOW! It is killing the R Party, allows 8 Dems to control country. 200 Bills sit in Senate. A JOKE!
In other words, Russia was against Trump in the 2016 Election - and why not, I want strong military &amp; low oil prices. Witch Hunt! https://t.co/mMSxj4Su5z
We will defend our country, protect our communities and put the safety of the AMERICAN PEOPLE FIRST! Replay: https://t.co/dcZxPKOPZ9 https://t.co/0NGiIhGY18
I would like to thank Reince Priebus for his service and dedication to his country. We accomplished a lot together and I am proud of him!
...and a Great Leader. John has also done a spectacular job at Homeland Security. He has been a true star of my Administration
I am pleased to inform you that I have just named General/Secretary John F Kelly as White House Chief of Staff. He is a Great American....
Departing for Long Island now. An area under siege from #MS13 gang members. We will not rest until #MS13 is eradicated. #LESM https://t.co/GsgbBUXyHS
We will always ENFORCE our laws, PROTECT our borders, and SUPPORT our police! #LESMHarrisburg, Pennsylvania #FlashbackFriday #MS13 https://t.co/79Tskiv69j
...Even though parts of healthcare could pass at 51, some really good things need 60. So many great future bills &amp; budgets need 60 votes....
If Republicans are going to pass great future legislation in the Senate, they must immediately go to a 51 vote majority, not senseless 60...
3 Republicans and 48 Democrats let the American people down. As I said from the beginning, let ObamaCare implode, then deal. Watch!
Go Republican Senators, Go! Get there after waiting for 7 years. Give America great healthcare!
It was my great HONOR to present our nation's highest award for a public safety officer - THE MEDAL OF VALOR to FIVE AMERICAN HEROES! https://t.co/j7ceXuBZ3f
Today, we gathered in the East Room to pay tribute to the HEROES whose courageous actions under fire saved so many lives in Alexandria, VA. https://t.co/it52TkLsye
Join me live as we recognize the first responders to the June 14th shooting involving @SteveScalise. #TeamScalise https://t.co/qOolNmB65d https://t.co/6OCn9JfMAG
Big progress being made in ridding our country of MS-13 gang members and gang members in general. MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN!
...about then candidate Trump." Catherine Herridge @FoxNews. So why doesn't Fake News report this? Witch Hunt! Purposely phony reporting.
"One of the things that has been lost in the politics of this situation is that the Russians collected and spread negative information.....
Come on Republican Senators, you can do it on Healthcare. After 7 years, this is your chance to shine! Don't let the American people down!
Wow, the Failing @nytimes said about @foxandfriends "....the most powerful T.V. show in America."
Thank you Foxconn, for investing $10 BILLION DOLLARS with the potential for up to 13K new jobs in Wisconsin! MadeInTheUSA???? https://t.co/jJghVeb63s
Congratulations to Boys and Girls Nation. It was my great honor to welcome you to the WH today! Full Remarks: https://t.co/Pb5FTTOyWf https://t.co/U6tfV93dDG
IN AMERICA WE DON'T WORSHIP GOVERNMENT - WE WORSHIP GOD!??https://t.co/jIejSgVnnA
...big dollars ($700,000) for his wife's political run from Hillary Clinton and her representatives. Drain the Swamp!
Why didn't A.G. Sessions replace Acting FBI Director Andrew McCabe, a Comey friend who was in charge of Clinton investigation but got....
....victory and cannot be burdened with the tremendous medical costs and disruption that transgender in the military would entail. Thank you
....Transgender individuals to  serve in any capacity in the U.S. Military. Our military must be focused on decisive and overwhelming.....
After consultation with my Generals and military experts, please be advised that the United States Government will not accept or allow......
Senator @lisamurkowski of the Great State of Alaska really let the Republicans, and our country, down yesterday. Too bad!
The crowd in Ohio was amazing last night - broke all records. We all had a great time in a great State. Will be back soon!
People of Ohio are fantastic. Thank you so much. What an evening! https://t.co/KM0zoaULYH
It was my great honor to join our wonderful Veterans at AMVETS Post 44 in Youngstown, Ohio this evening. A grateful nation salutes you! https://t.co/RxobYHP1oR
Just arrived in Youngstown, Ohio with @FLOTUS Melania!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain??????https://t.co/A1mrxSksR3 https://t.co/jWX9yBlX8z
.@SenJohnMcCain-Thank you for coming to D.C. for such a vital vote. Congrats to all Rep. We can now deliver grt healthcare to all Americans!
Joint Press Conference with Prime Minister Saad Hariri of Lebanon beginning shortly. Join us live!??https://t.co/7pquWbEutn https://t.co/JHVHKgrPOY
"America's Labor Market Continues to Boom" JOBS, JOBS, JOBS! https://t.co/LuOaR1Iz2e
The American people have waited long enough. There has been enough talk and no action for seven years. Now is the time for action! https://t.co/VdTiYL0Ua7
Will be traveling to the Great State of Ohio tonight. Big crowd expected. See you there!
This will be a very interesting day for HealthCare.The Dems are obstructionists but the Republicans can have a great victory for the people!
Working on major Trade Deal with the United Kingdom. Could be very big &amp; exciting. JOBS! The E.U. is very protectionist with the U.S. STOP!
Jared Kushner did very well yesterday in proving he did not collude with the Russians. Witch Hunt. Next up, 11 year old Barron Trump!
So great that John McCain is coming back to vote. Brave - American hero! Thank you John.
ObamaCare is torturing the American People.The Democrats have fooled the people long enough. Repeal or Repeal &amp; Replace! I have pen in hand.
Big day for HealthCare. After 7 years of talking, we will soon see whether or not Republicans are willing to step up to the plate!
Problem is that the acting head of the FBI &amp; the person in charge of the Hillary investigation, Andrew McCabe, got $700,000 from H for wife!
Attorney General Jeff Sessions has taken a VERY weak position on Hillary Clinton crimes (where are E-mails &amp; DNC server) &amp; Intel leakers!
Ukrainian efforts to sabotage Trump campaign - "quietly working to boost Clinton." So where is the investigation A.G. @seanhannity
Is Fake News Washington Post being used as a lobbyist weapon against Congress to keep Politicians from looking into Amazon no-tax monopoly?
So many stories about me in the @washingtonpost are Fake News. They are as bad as ratings challenged @CNN. Lobbyist for Amazon and taxes?
The Amazon Washington Post fabricated the facts on my ending massive, dangerous, and wasteful payments to Syrian rebels fighting Assad.....
#2017Jambo- Remember your duty. Honor your history. Take care of the people God puts into your life – and LOVE &amp; CHERISH your country! https://t.co/DnNYxGJm4I
Any senator who votes against starting debate is telling America that you are fine w/ the #OCareNightmare! Remarks: https://t.co/tSvWaMdxBA https://t.co/DI7e78hr6N
Arriving at Joint Base Andrews with @SecretaryPerry, @SecretaryZinke, and @SecPriceMD..... https://t.co/Yxm94XKtuv
Republicans have a last chance to do the right thing on Repeal &amp; Replace after years of talking &amp; campaigning on it.
Sleazy Adam Schiff, the totally biased Congressman looking into "Russia," spends all of his time on television pushing the Dem loss excuse!
So why aren't the Committees and investigators, and of course our beleaguered A.G., looking into Crooked Hillarys crimes &amp; Russia relations?
After 1 year of investigation with Zero evidence being found, Chuck Schumer just stated that "Democrats should blame ourselves,not Russia."
Drain the Swamp should be changed to Drain the Sewer - it's actually much worse than anyone ever thought, and it begins with the Fake News!
Thank you to @LOUDOBBS for giving the first six months of the Trump Administration an A+. S.C.,reg cutting,Stock M, jobs,border etc. = TRUE!
If Republicans don't Repeal and Replace the disastrous ObamaCare, the repercussions will be far greater than any of them understand!
It's hard to read the Failing New York Times or the Amazon Washington Post because every story/opinion, even if should be positive, is bad!
It's very sad that Republicans, even some that were carried over the line on my back, do very little to protect their President.
As the phony Russian Witch Hunt continues, two groups are laughing at this excuse for a lost election taking hold, Democrats and Russians!
To every PATRIOT who will serve on the #USSGeraldRFord:??Keep the watch??????Protect her??????Defend her??????LOVE HER????Good Luck &amp; Godspeed! https://t.co/shcz5GQkCh
American steel &amp; American hands have constructed a 100,000 ton message to the world: American MIGHT IS SECOND TO NONE!#USSGeraldRFord #USA https://t.co/Pibf37Eybg
A ship is only as good as the people who serve on it — and the AMERICAN SAILOR is the BEST in the world. @USNavy #USSGeraldRFord https://t.co/YmiTLXcCEh
Join me live for the commissioning ceremony of the USS Gerald R. Ford!??https://t.co/F78iOR64TW #USA https://t.co/PrVceEmPOB
ObamaCare is dead and the Democrats are obstructionists, no ideas or votes, only obstruction. It is solely up to the 52 Republican Senators!
The Republican Senators must step up to the plate and, after 7 years, vote to Repeal and Replace. Next, Tax Reform and Infrastructure. WIN!
In all fairness to Anthony Scaramucci, he wanted to endorse me 1st, before the Republican Primaries started, but didn't think I was running!
My son Donald openly gave his e-mails to the media &amp; authorities whereas Crooked Hillary Clinton deleted (&amp; acid washed) her 33,000 e-mails!
...What about all of the Clinton ties to Russia, including Podesta Company, Uranium deal, Russian Reset, big dollar speeches etc.
So many people are asking why isn't the A.G. or Special Council looking at the many Hillary Clinton or Comey crimes. 33,000 e-mails deleted?
While all agree the U. S. President has the complete power to pardon, why think of that when only crime so far is LEAKS against us.FAKE NEWS
This morning I will be going to the Commissioning Ceremony for the largest aircraft carrier in the world, The Gerald R. Ford.  Norfolk, Va.
The Failing New York Times foiled U.S. attempt to kill the single most wanted terrorist,Al-Baghdadi.Their sick agenda over National Security
A new INTELLIGENCE LEAK from the Amazon Washington Post,this time against A.G. Jeff Sessions.These illegal leaks, like Comey's, must stop!
Sean Spicer is a wonderful person who took tremendous abuse from the Fake News Media - but his future is bright!
Today, it was my privilege to welcome survivors of the #USSArizona to the @WhiteHouse. #HonorThem????Remarks: https://t.co/gySxxqazBl https://t.co/6IPmbqVi10
Today, it was my privilege to welcome survivors of the #USSArizona to the WH. Remarks: https://t.co/gySxxqazBlhttps://t.co/gySxxqazBl https://t.co/ZJaLAfBcv0
Manufacturers’ record-high optimism reported in the 1st qtr has carried into the 2nd qtr of 2017 via @ShopFloorNAM:https://t.co/a42fNElct1 https://t.co/WHZtcAxhRQ
ICYMI- This week we hosted a #MadeInAmerica event, right here at the @WhiteHouse! If it is MADE IN AMERICA, it is the BEST! USA???? https://t.co/q4vB9GdE5y
"Six months in - it is the hope of GROWTH??that is making America????FOUR TRILLION DOLLARS??RICHER." -Stuart @VarneyCo??https://t.co/s7fYOicWGV https://t.co/x9MeUzDom6
#MadeInAmerica??????https://t.co/39dwlGHI7R https://t.co/VfIrc5Xssx
Billions of dollars in investments &amp; thousands of new jobs in America! An initiative via Corning, Merck &amp; Pfizer: https://t.co/QneN48bSiq https://t.co/5VtMfuY3PM
I am asking all citizens to believe in yourselves, believe in your future, and believe, once more, in America. #AmericaFirst???? https://t.co/NOnhJyWp4J
Departing The Pentagon after meetings with @VP Pence, Secretary James Mattis, and our great teams. #MAGA???? https://t.co/5d1MSzhjQS
Melania and I send our thoughts and prayers to Senator McCain, Cindy, and their entire family. Get well soon. https://t.co/fONWVlmYyz
The Republicans never discuss how good their healthcare bill is, &amp; it will get even better at lunchtime.The Dems scream death as OCare dies!
I will be having lunch at the White House today with Republican Senators concerning healthcare. They MUST keep their promise to America!
The Fake News is becoming more and more dishonest! Even a dinner arranged for top 20 leaders in Germany is made to look sinister!
Fake News story of secret dinner with Putin is "sick." All G 20 leaders, and spouses, were invited by the Chancellor of Germany. Press knew!
The Senate must go to a 51 vote majority instead of current 60 votes. Even parts of full Repeal need 60. 8 Dems control Senate. Crazy!
With only a very small majority, the Republicans in the House &amp; Senate need more victories next year since Dems totally obstruct, no votes!
As I have always said, let ObamaCare fail and then come together and do a great healthcare plan. Stay tuned!
We were let down by all of the Democrats and a few Republicans. Most Republicans were loyal, terrific &amp; worked really hard. We will return!
Republicans should just REPEAL failing ObamaCare now &amp; work on a new Healthcare Plan that will start from a clean slate. Dems will join in!
Most politicians would have gone to a meeting like the one Don jr attended in order to get info on an opponent. That's politics!
Heading back to Washington, D.C. Much will be accomplished this week on trade, the military and security!
Congratulations to Sung Hyun Park on winning the 2017 @USGA #USWomensOpen????
I am at the @USGA  #USWomensOpen. An amateur player is co-leading for the first time in many decades - very exciting!
The #USSJohnFinn will provide essential capabilities to keep America safe. Our sailors are the best anywhere in the world. Congratulations! https://t.co/yTnMwSh1Kg
The ABC/Washington Post Poll, even though almost 40% is not bad at this time, was just about the most inaccurate poll around election time!
With all of its phony unnamed sources &amp; highly slanted &amp; even fraudulent reporting, #Fake News is DISTORTING DEMOCRACY in our country!
Thank you to former campaign adviser Michael Caputo for saying so powerfully that there was no Russian collusion in our winning campaign.
Thank you to all of the supporters, who far out-numbered the protesters, yesterday at the Women's U.S. Open. Very cool!
HillaryClinton can illegally get the questions to the Debate &amp; delete 33,000 emails but my son Don is being scorned by the Fake News Media?
The women played great today at the @USGA #USWomensOpen???? I look forward to being there tomorrow for the final round! https://t.co/2oWyptgfIY
Just got to the #USWomensOpen in Bedminster, New Jersey. People are really happy with record high stock market - up over 17% since election!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! https://t.co/3eYF3nir4B
Next week the Senate is going to vote on legislation to save Americans from the ObamaCare DISASTER. #WeeklyAddress???? https://t.co/xjVDkgo1NK
Will be at the Women's U.S. Open today!
Stock Market hit another all-time high yesterday - despite the Russian hoax story! Also, jobs numbers are starting to look very good!
Stock Market at new all-time high! Working on new trade deals that will be great for U.S. and its workers!
I will be at the @USGA #USWomensOpen in Bedminster, NJ tomorrow. Big crowds expected &amp; the women are playing great-should be very exciting!
Honored to serve as Commander-in-Chief to the courageous men and women of our U.S. Armed Forces. A grateful nation thanks you! https://t.co/wERNV7J4oO
President @EmmanuelMacron,Thank you for inviting Melania and myself to such a historic celebration in France. #BastilleDay #14juillet https://t.co/KZjJQOo0H1
Just landed from Paris, France. It was an incredible visit with President @EmmanuelMacron. A lot discussed and accomplished in two days!
Left Paris for U.S.A. Will be heading to New Jersey and attending the#USWomensOpen, their most important tournament, this afternoon.
Great conversations with President @EmmanuelMacron and his representatives on trade, military and security.
The United States mourns for the victims of Nice, France. We pledge our solidarity with France against terror. ???????? https://t.co/7irbz08oT3
It was a great honor to represent the United States at the magnificent #BastilleDay parade. Congratulations President @EmmanuelMacron! https://t.co/1J4vZiy98y
.@VP Mike Pence is working hard on HealthCare and getting our wonderful Republican Senators to do what is right for the people.
After all of these years of suffering thru ObamaCare, Republican Senators must come through as they have promised!
So impt Rep Senators, under leadership of @SenateMajLdr McConnell get healthcare plan approved. After 7yrs of O'Care disaster, must happen!
Republicans Senators are working hard to get their failed ObamaCare replacement approved. I will be at my desk, pen in hand!
Great evening with President @EmmanuelMacron &amp; Mrs. Macron. Went to Eiffel Tower for dinner. Relationship with France stronger than ever. https://t.co/ib1pdUYoEU
Great bilateral meetings at Élysée Palace w/ President @EmmanuelMacron. The friendship between our two nations and ourselves is unbreakable. https://t.co/IOSoC0MdPv
President @EmmanuelMacron,Thank you for the beautiful welcome ceremony at Les Invalides today! https://t.co/RKir1GcRrB
Melania and I were thrilled to join the dedicated men and women of the @USEmbassyFrance, members of the U.S. Military and their families. https://t.co/ZSdsJ0Bsbl
Just landed in Paris, France with @FLOTUS Melania. https://t.co/knULGOQF1K
Big WIN today for building the wall. It will secure the border &amp; save lives. Now the full House &amp; Senate must act! ??https://t.co/TTg7lvBdo2 https://t.co/xhiknXko70
JOBS, JOBS, JOBS! #MAGA???? https://t.co/HScS4Y9ZJK
Stock market hits another high with spirit and enthusiasm so positive. Jobs outlook looking very good! #MAGA???? https://t.co/Vwxsb2vWGe
Getting rdy to leave for France @ the invitation of President Macron to celebrate &amp; honor Bastille Day and 100yrs since U.S. entry into WWI.
"After 14 years, U.S. beef hits Chinese market. Trade deal an exciting opportunity for agriculture." https://t.co/gDGgejqFMs
The W.H. is functioning perfectly, focused on HealthCare, Tax Cuts/Reform &amp; many other things. I have very little time for watching T.V.
Why aren't the same standards placed on the Democrats. Look what Hillary Clinton may have gotten away with. Disgraceful!
.@WashTimes states "Democrats have willfully used Moscow disinformation to influence the presidential election against Donald Trump."
ISIS is on the run &amp; will soon be wiped out of Syria &amp; Iraq, illegal border crossings are way down (75%) &amp; MS 13 gangs are being removed.
Remember, when you hear the words "sources say" from the Fake Media, often times those sources are made up and do not exist.
My son Donald did a good job last night. He was open, transparent and innocent. This is the greatest Witch Hunt in political history. Sad!
My son, Donald, will be interviewed by @seanhannity tonight at 10:00 P.M. He is a great person who loves our country!
Big wins against ISIS!
Marine Plane crash in Mississippi is heartbreaking. Melania and I send our deepest condolences to all!
Working hard to get the Olympics for the United States (L.A.). Stay tuned!
The Senate Democrats have only confirmed 48 of 197 Presidential Nominees. They  can't win so all they do is slow things down &amp; obstruct!
If Chelsea Clinton were asked to hold the seat for her mother,as her mother gave our country away, the Fake News would say CHELSEA FOR PRES!
When I left Conference Room for short meetings with Japan and other countries, I asked Ivanka to hold seat. Very standard. Angela M agrees!
I cannot imagine that Congress would dare to leave Washington without a beautiful new HealthCare bill fully approved and ready to go!
James Comey leaked CLASSIFIED INFORMATION to the media. That is so illegal!
The fact that President Putin and I discussed a Cyber Security unit  doesn't mean I think it can happen. It can't-but a ceasefire can,&amp; did!
Syrian ceasefire seems to be holding. Many lives can be saved. Came out of meeting. Good!
For years, even as a "civilian," I listened as Republicans pushed the Repeal and Replace of ObamaCare. Now they finally have their chance!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! https://t.co/NVDVRrWLs4
Sanctions were not discussed at my meeting with President Putin. Nothing will be done until the Ukrainian &amp; Syrian problems are solved!
...have it. Fake News said 17 intel agencies when actually 4 (had to apologize). Why did Obama do NOTHING when he had info before election?
...and safe. Questions were asked about why the CIA &amp; FBI had to ask the DNC 13 times for their SERVER, and were rejected, still don't....
Putin &amp; I discussed forming an impenetrable Cyber Security unit    so that election hacking, &amp; many other negative things, will be guarded..
...We negotiated a ceasefire in parts of Syria which will save lives. Now it is time to move forward in working constructively with Russia!
I strongly pressed President Putin twice about Russian meddling in our election. He vehemently denied it. I've already given my opinion.....
The G 20 Summit was a great success for the U.S. - Explained that the U.S. must fix the many bad trade deals it has made. Will get done!
Thank you @SenatorDole, very kind! https://t.co/cXrYiK46Qq
Leaving Hamburg for Washington, D.C. and the WH. Just left China’s President Xi where we had an excellent meeting on trade &amp; North Korea.
Law enforcement &amp; military did a spectacular job in Hamburg. Everybody felt totally safe despite the anarchists. @PolizeiHamburg #G20Summit
The #G20Summit was a wonderful success and carried out beautifully by Chancellor Angela Merkel. Thank you!
We will fight the #FakeNews with you! https://t.co/zOMiXTeLJq
Great first day with world leaders at the #G20Summit here in Hamburg, Germany. Looking forward to day two! #USA https://t.co/bLKgZKQemw
Thank you! “Trump’s Defining Speech” WSJ Editorial: https://t.co/YuDgVfRroR https://t.co/T0R4u4IHDJ
I will represent our country well and fight for its interests! Fake News Media will never cover me accurately but who cares! We will #MAGA!
I look forward to all meetings today with world leaders, including my meeting with Vladimir Putin. Much to discuss.#G20Summit #USA????
Everyone here is talking about why John Podesta refused to give the DNC server to the FBI and the CIA. Disgraceful!
After Poland had a great meeting with Chancellor Merkel and then with PM Shinzo Abe of Japan &amp; President Moon of South Korea.
My experience yesterday in Poland was a great one. Thank you to everyone, including the haters, for the great reviews of the speech!
A strong Poland is a blessing to the nations of Europe, and a strong Europe is a blessing to the West, and to the world. https://t.co/vHzPwMtJSm
THE WEST WILL NEVER BE BROKEN. Our values will PREVAIL. Our people will THRIVE and our civilization will TRIUMPH! https://t.co/sozuVgdp5T
America is proud to stand shoulder-to-shoulder with Poland in the fight to eradicate the evils of terrorism and extremism. #POTUSinPoland https://t.co/MHxRmVvtsh
On behalf of @FLOTUS Melania and myself, thank you Poland!????????#ICYMI, watch here?? https://t.co/COpVXnn8YG #POTUSinPoland https://t.co/ylU3wLZV2H
Congratulations to the dedicated professionals of the USSS as they celebrate their 152nd anniversary. Thank you! ??https://t.co/mDhFzDm3ED https://t.co/BcB3wLjILg
Trade between China and North Korea grew almost 40% in the first quarter. So much for China working with us - but we had to give it a try!
The United States made some of the worst Trade Deals in world history.Why should we continue these deals with countries that do not help us?
Getting ready to leave for Poland, after which I will travel to Germany for the G-20. Will be back on Saturday.
#HappyIndependenceDay #USA???? https://t.co/9pfqnRsh1Z
Gas prices are the lowest in the U.S. in over ten years! I would like to see them go even lower.
Getting ready to celebrate the 4th of July with a big crowd at the White House. Happy 4th to everyone. Our country will grow and prosper!
#HappyIndependenceDay #July4 #USA???? https://t.co/NsFslPEFrp
....and Japan will put up with this much longer. Perhaps China will put a heavy move on North Korea and end this nonsense once and for all!
North Korea has just launched another missile. Does this guy have anything better to do with his life? Hard to believe that South Korea.....
Dow hit a new intraday all-time high! I wonder whether or not the Fake News Media will so report?
Really great numbers on jobs &amp; the economy! Things are starting to kick in now, and we have just begun! Don't like steel &amp; aluminum dumping!
Thank you to Shawn Steel for the nice words on @FoxNews.
If we can help little #CharlieGard, as per our friends in the U.K. and the Pope, we would be delighted to do so.
At some point the Fake News will be forced to discuss our great jobs numbers, strong economy, success with ISIS, the border &amp; so much else!
Will be speaking with Italy this morning!
Spoke yesterday with the King of Saudi Arabia about peace in the Middle-East. Interesting things are happening!
Will be speaking with Germany and France this morning.
America's men &amp; women in uniform is the story of FREEDOM overcoming OPPRESSION, the STRONG protecting the WEAK, &amp; G… https://t.co/LtTpGsP3fC
Stock Market at all time high, unemployment at lowest level in years (wages will start going up) and our base has never been stronger!
The dishonest media will NEVER keep us from accomplishing our objectives on behalf of our GREAT AMERICAN PEOPLE!… https://t.co/EwnwCeuGMv
#FraudNewsCNN #FNN https://t.co/WYUnHjjUjg
We will always take care of our GREAT VETERANS. You have shed your blood, poured your love, and bared your soul, in… https://t.co/bTPuerxLOr
My use of social media is not Presidential - it’s MODERN DAY PRESIDENTIAL. Make America Great Again!
I am thinking about changing the name #FakeNews CNN to #FraudNewsCNN!
....the 2016 election with interviews, speeches and social media. I had to beat #FakeNews, and did. We will continue to WIN!
The FAKE &amp; FRAUDULENT NEWS MEDIA is working hard to convince Republicans and others I should not use social media - but remember, I won....
Getting rdy to leave for tonight's Celebrate Freedom Concert honoring our GREAT VETERANS w/ so many of my evangelic… https://t.co/shfTAoMJry
Weekly Address???? #KatesLaw#NoSanctuaryForCriminalsActStatement: https://t.co/I8cqKGDK2B https://t.co/00mao6Vk7R
Crazy Joe Scarborough and dumb as a rock Mika are not bad people, but their low rated show is dominated by their NBC bosses. Too bad!
I am extremely pleased to see that @CNN has finally been exposed as #FakeNews and garbage journalism. It's about time!
Numerous states are refusing to give information to the very distinguished VOTER FRAUD PANEL. What are they trying to hide?
Word is that @Greta Van Susteren was let go by her out of control bosses at @NBC &amp; @Comcast because she refused to go along w/ 'Trump hate!'
Happy Canada Day to all of the great people of Canada and to your Prime Minister and my new found friend @JustinTrudeau. #Canada150
America will THINK BIG once again. We will inspire millions of children to carry on the proud tradition of American… https://t.co/hZCMp5cSJc
The era of strategic patience with the North Korea regime has failed. That patience is over. We are working closely… https://t.co/MxN04V2Yn4
I am encouraged by President Moon's assurances that he will work to level the playing field for American workers, b… https://t.co/DUZh6aMjJS
Watched low rated @Morning_Joe for first time in long time. FAKE NEWS. He called me to stop a National Enquirer article. I said no! Bad show
Crime and killings in Chicago have reached such epidemic proportions that I am sending in Federal help. 1714 shootings in Chicago this year!
If Republican Senators are unable to pass what they are working on now, they should immediately REPEAL, and then REPLACE at a later date!
Just finished a very good meeting with the President of South Korea. Many subjects discussed including North Korea and new trade deal!
Our new American Energy Policy will unlock MILLIONS of jobs &amp; TRILLIONS in wealth. We are on the cusp of a true ene… https://t.co/w5Y7UXZSSD
When it comes to the future of America’s energy needs, we will FIND IT, we will DREAM IT, and we will BUILD IT.… https://t.co/m0HmPbUZ6C
Statement on House Passage of Kate’s Law and No Sanctuary for Criminals Act. https://t.co/uPRy9XgK5A
Good news out of the House with the passing of 'No Sanctuary for Criminals Act.' Hopefully Senate will follow.
Good news, House just passed #KatesLaw. Hopefully Senate will follow.
"Mattis Says Trump’s Warning Stopped Chemical Weapons Attack In Syria" https://t.co/XL9LLNKh8i
Join me LIVE with @VP, @SecretaryPerry, @SecretaryZinke and @EPAScottPruitt. #UnleashingAmericanEnergyhttps://t.co/hlM7F2BQD9
MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN!#NoSanctuaryForCriminalsAct #KatesLaw #SaveAmericanLives https://t.co/jbN4hPjqjS
Today, the House votes on two crucial bills:??#NoSanctuaryForCriminalsAct ??#KatesLaw ??Pass these bills &amp; lets… https://t.co/4N2c0oxMve
...to Mar-a-Lago 3 nights in a row around New Year's Eve, and insisted on joining me. She was bleeding badly from a face-lift. I said no!
I heard poorly rated @Morning_Joe speaks badly of me (don't watch anymore). Then how come low I.Q. Crazy Mika, along with Psycho Joe, came..
New Sugar deal negotiated with Mexico is a very good one for both Mexico and the U.S. Had no deal for many years which hurt U.S. badly.
Tomorrow the House votes on #KatesLaw &amp; No Sanctuary For Criminals Act. Lawmakers must vote to put American safety… https://t.co/p3vd8IXXaD
From my first day in office, we’ve taken swift action to lift the crushing restrictions on American energy. Remarks… https://t.co/VBoEubD59k
Democrats purposely misstated Medicaid under new Senate bill - actually goes up. https://t.co/necCt4K6UH
Today, I hosted an immigration roundtable ahead of two votes taking place in Congress tomorrow. Watch and read more… https://t.co/5k8WzW1t68
It was my great honor to welcome the 2016 World Series Champion Chicago @Cubs ?? to the @WhiteHouse this afternoon.… https://t.co/GvPhJ9hZdv
#ICYMI- on Monday, I had the great honor of welcoming India's Prime Minister @narendramodi to the WH. Full Remarks:… https://t.co/7IIQEh7xXv
The #AmazonWashingtonPost, sometimes referred to as the guardian of Amazon not paying internet taxes (which they should) is FAKE NEWS!
Some of the Fake News Media likes to say that I am not totally engaged in healthcare. Wrong, I know the subject well &amp; want victory for U.S.
The failing @nytimes writes false story after false story about me. They don't even call to verify the facts of a story. A Fake News Joke!
I just finished a great meeting with the Republican Senators concerning HealthCare. They really want to get it right, unlike OCare!
With ZERO Democrats to help, and a failed, expensive and dangerous ObamaCare as the Dems legacy, the Republican Senators are working hard!
So they caught Fake News CNN cold, but what about NBC, CBS &amp; ABC? What about the failing @nytimes &amp; @washingtonpost? They are all Fake News!
Fake News CNN is looking at big management changes now that they got caught falsely pushing their phony Russian stories. Ratings way down!
Wow, CNN had to retract big story on "Russia," with 3 employees forced to resign. What about all the other phony stories they do? FAKE NEWS!
Great day for America's future Security and Safety, courtesy of the U.S. Supreme Court. I will keep fighting for the American people, &amp; WIN!
From @FoxNews "Bombshell: In 2016, Obama dismissed idea that anyone could rig an American election."  Check out his statement - Witch Hunt!
Very grateful for the 9-O decision from the U. S. Supreme Court. We must keep America SAFE!
Republican Senators are working very hard to get there, with no help from the Democrats. Not easy! Perhaps just let OCare crash &amp; burn!
..under a magnifying glass, they have zero "tapes" of T people colluding. There is no collusion &amp; no obstruction. I should be given apology!
The real story is that President Obama did NOTHING after being informed in August about Russian meddling. With 4 months looking at Russia...
...and did not want to "rock the boat." He didn't "choke," he colluded or obstructed, and it did the Dems and Crooked Hillary no good.
The reason that President Obama did NOTHING about Russia after being notified by the CIA of meddling is that he expected Clinton would win..
The Democrats have become nothing but OBSTRUCTIONISTS, they have no policies or ideas. All they do is delay and complain.They own ObamaCare!
I am on @foxandfriends - Enjoy!
Hillary Clinton colluded with the Democratic Party in order to beat Crazy Bernie Sanders. Is she allowed to so collude? Unfair to Bernie!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I cannot imagine that these very fine Republican Senators would allow the American people to suffer a broken ObamaCare any longer!
Obama Administration official said they "choked" when it came to acting on Russian meddling of election. They didn't want to hurt Hillary?
Since the Obama Administration was told way before the 2016 Election that the Russians were meddling, why no action? Focus on them, not T!
Democrats slam GOP healthcare proposal as Obamacare premiums &amp; deductibles increase by over 100%. Remember keep your doctor, keep your plan?
Just out: The Obama Administration knew far in advance of November 8th about election meddling by Russia. Did nothing about it. WHY?
WEEKLY ADDRESS???? https://t.co/P1f12i9Gvt
Today, it was a tremendous honor for me to sign the #VAaccountability Act into law, delivering my campaign promise… https://t.co/G0k8nFWqNj
I've helped pass and signed 38 Legislative Bills, mostly with no Democratic support, and gotten rid of massive amounts of regulations. Nice!
Will be on @foxandfriends. Enjoy!
.@FLOTUS &amp; I were honored to host our first WH Congressional Picnic. A wonderful evening &amp; tradition. @MarineBand:… https://t.co/h5L4myWmam
We're all thinking of you @SteveScalise! #TeamScalise https://t.co/Yqf6exhm7x
Together, we are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!#AmericaFirst???? https://t.co/MVJbs44AtR
I am very supportive of the Senate #HealthcareBill. Look forward to making it really special! Remember, ObamaCare is dead.
Mexico was just ranked the second deadliest country in the world, after only Syria. Drug trade is largely the cause. We will BUILD THE WALL!
As promised, our campaign against the MS-13 gang continues. "@ICEgov Busts 39 MS-13 Members in New York Operation"https://t.co/ki41GXeCMy
...whether there are "tapes" or recordings of my conversations with James Comey, but I did not make, and do not have, any such recordings.
With all of the recently reported electronic surveillance, intercepts, unmasking and illegal leaking of information, I have no idea...
I certainly hope the Democrats do not force Nancy P out. That would be very bad for the Republican Party - and please let Cryin' Chuck stay!
...Why did the DNC REFUSE to turn over its Server to the FBI, and still hasn't? It's all a big Dem scam and excuse for losing the election!
...Why did Democratic National Committee turn down the DHS offer to protect against hacks (long prior to election). It's all a big Dem HOAX!
By the way, if Russia was working so hard on the 2016 Election, it all took place during the Obama Admin. Why didn't they stop them?
Former Homeland Security Advisor Jeh Johnson is latest top intelligence official to state there was no grand scheme between Trump &amp; Russia.
Great night in Iowa - special people. Thank you!
Thank you Kirkwood Community College. Heading to the U.S. Cellular Center now for an 8pmE MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN… https://t.co/n6LS32a6Zn
Just landed in Iowa. See everyone soon! #MAGA????
Democrats would do much better as a party if they got together with Republicans on Healthcare,Tax Cuts,Security. Obstruction doesn't work!
Well, the Special Elections are over and those that want to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN are 5 and O! All the Fake News, all the money spent = 0
Ralph Norman ran a fantastic race to win in the Great State of South Carolina's 5th District. We are all honored by your success tonight!
Congratulations to Karen Handel on her big win in Georgia 6th. Fantastic job, we are all very proud of you!
Thank you @FoxNews "Huge win for President Trump and GOP in Georgia Congressional Special Election."
Things are looking great for Karen H!
It was a great honor to welcome President Petro Poroshenko of Ukraine to the @WhiteHouse today with @VP Pence.??… https://t.co/J1ulOd6pYQ
While I greatly appreciate the efforts of President Xi &amp; China to help with North Korea, it has not worked out. At least I know China tried!
The U.S. once again condemns the brutality of the North Korean regime as we mourn its latest victim. Video: https://t.co/Rvm11ZbPk7
KAREN HANDEL FOR CONGRESS. She will fight for lower taxes, great healthcare strong security-a hard worker who will never give up! VOTE TODAY
Democrat Jon Ossoff, who wants to raise your taxes to the highest level and is weak on crime and security, doesn't even live in district.
Big day tomorrow in Georgia and South Carolina. ObamaCare is dead. Dems want to raise taxes big! They can only obstruct, no ideas. Vote "R"
Melania and I offer our deepest condolences to the family of Otto Warmbier. Full statement: https://t.co/8kmcA6YtFD https://t.co/EhrP4BiJeB
It was my great honor to welcome President @JC_Varela &amp; Mrs. Varela from Panama this afternoon.??????????… https://t.co/770OJj2uYb
....because he doesn't even live there! He wants to raise taxes and kill healthcare. On Tuesday, #VoteKarenHandel.
Karen Handel's opponent in #GA06 can't even vote in the district he wants to represent....
....because he doesn't live there! He wants to raise taxes &amp; kill healthcare. On Tuesday, #VoteKarenHandel.
Karen Handle's opponent in #GA06 can't even vote in the district he wants to represent....
....getting great border security and healthcare. #VoteRalphNorman tomorrow!
Ralph Norman, who is running for Congress in SC's 5th District, will be a fantastic help to me in cutting taxes, and....
My heartfelt thoughts and prayers are with the 7 @USNavy sailors of the #USSFitzgerald and their families. ??… https://t.co/L3u5c8Iymh
The Dems want to stop tax cuts, good healthcare and Border Security.Their ObamaCare is dead with 100% increases in P's. Vote now for Karen H
Jay Sekulow on @foxandfriends now.
Camp David is a very special place. An honor to have spent the weekend there. Military runs it so well and are so proud of what they do!
The new Rasmussen Poll, one of the most accurate in the 2016 Election, just out with a Trump 50% Approval Rating.That's higher than O's #'s!
...massive regulation cuts, 36 new legislative bills signed, great new S.C.Justice, and Infrastructure, Healthcare and Tax Cuts in works!
The MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN agenda is doing very well despite the distraction of the Witch Hunt. Many new jobs, high business enthusiasm,..
Thoughts and prayers with the sailors of USS Fitzgerald and their families. Thank you to our Japanese allies for th… https://t.co/BBvmTFxVkk
Back from Miami where my Cuban/American friends are very happy with what I signed today. Another campaign promise that I did not forget!
"National Security Presidential Memorandum on Strengthening the Policy of the United States Toward Cuba"Memorandum… https://t.co/RVr9Dg2hXt
"Remarks by President Trump on the Policy of the U.S.A. Towards Cuba"Video: https://t.co/jUWCjgxX5DTranscript:… https://t.co/hILCHbPJet
Great news! #MAGA https://t.co/pirHR7lAyT
I am being investigated for firing the FBI Director by the man who told me to fire the FBI Director! Witch Hunt
Despite the phony Witch Hunt going on in America, the economic &amp; jobs numbers are great. Regulations way down, jobs and enthusiasm way up!
The Fake News Media hates when I use what has turned out to be my very powerful Social Media - over 100 million people! I can go around them
After 7 months of investigations &amp; committee hearings about my "collusion with the Russians,"  nobody has been able to show any proof. Sad!
#CongressionalBaseballGame?? https://t.co/u8InOJTf6D
Thank you Wisconsin! Tuesday was a great success for #WorkforceWeek at @WCTC w/ @IvankaTrump &amp; @GovWalker. Remarks… https://t.co/L8o396yYKX
Crooked H destroyed phones w/ hammer, 'bleached' emails, &amp; had husband meet w/AG days before she was cleared- &amp; they talk about obstruction?
Why is that Hillary Clintons family and Dems dealings with Russia are not looked at, but my non-dealings are?
You are witnessing the single greatest WITCH HUNT in American political history - led by some very bad and conflicted people!  #MAGA
They made up a phony collusion with the Russians story, found zero proof, so now they go for obstruction of justice on the phony story. Nice
Just left hospital. Rep. Steve Scalise, one of the truly great people, is in very tough shape - but he is a real fighter. Pray for Steve!
Happy birthday to U.S. ARMY and our soldiers. Thank you for your bravery, sacrifices, &amp; dedication. Proud to be your Commander-in-Chief!
Rep. Steve Scalise of Louisiana, a true friend and patriot, was badly injured but will fully recover. Our thoughts and prayers are with him.
Just got back from Wisconsin. Great day, great people!
The passage of the @DeptVetAffairs Accountability and Whistleblower Protection Act is GREAT news for veterans! I lo… https://t.co/k45aci25BT
Just arrived in Wisconsin to discuss JOBS, JOBS, JOBS! #MAGA???? https://t.co/lEJ9S817yb
2 million more people just dropped out of ObamaCare. It is in a death spiral. Obstructionist Democrats gave up, have no answer = resist!
Heading to the Great State of Wisconsin to talk about JOBS, JOBS, JOBS! Big progress being made as the Real News is reporting.
Fake News is at an all time high. Where is their apology to me for all of the incorrect stories???
A.G. Lynch made law enforcement decisions for political purposes...gave Hillary Clinton a free pass and protection. Totally illegal!
Well, as predicted, the 9th Circuit did it again - Ruled against the TRAVEL BAN at such a dangerous time in the history of our country. S.C.
The Fake News Media has never been so wrong or so dirty. Purposely incorrect stories and phony sources to meet their agenda of hate. Sad!
Congratulations to the 2016 @ClemsonFB Tigers!Full ceremony: https://t.co/syJUGoMhHJ#NationalChampions?? https://t.co/F23NZoX2BI
Finally held our first full @Cabinet meeting today. With this great team, we can restore American prosperity and br… https://t.co/b0roksHTFE
Congratulations! 'First New Coal Mine of Trump Era Opens in Pennsylvania' https://t.co/aIRllxNLQA
We will NEVER FORGET the victims who lost their lives one year ago today in the horrific #PulseNightClub shooting.… https://t.co/7lZGgDJkxZ
Ivanka on @foxandfriends now!
Great numbers on the economy. All of our work, including the passage of many bills &amp; regulation killing Executive Orders, now kicking in!
My daughter, Ivanka, will be on @foxandfriends tomorrow morning. Enjoy!
The Democrats have no message,  not on economics, not on taxes,  not on jobs, not on failing #Obamacare. They are only OBSTRUCTIONISTS!
I believe the James Comey leaks will be far more prevalent than anyone ever thought possible. Totally illegal? Very 'cowardly!'
...way up. Regulations way down. 600,000+ new jobs added. Unemployment down to 4.3%. Business and economic enthusiasm way up- record levels!
The #FakeNews MSM doesn't report the great economic news since Election Day. #DOW up 16%. #NASDAQ up 19.5%. Drilling &amp; energy sector...
America is going to build again. Under budget and ahead of schedule. Time to put #AmericaFirst! #InfrastructureWeek… https://t.co/D5TbbjXcN3
Time to start building in our country, with American workers &amp; with American iron, aluminum &amp; steel. It is time to… https://t.co/rGZCRyeCMZ
It is time to rebuild OUR country, to bring back OUR jobs, to restore OUR dreams, &amp; yes, to put #AmericaFirst! TY O… https://t.co/2b2bXwxGkA
A great honor to host and welcome leaders from around America to the @WhiteHouse Infrastructure Summit.… https://t.co/5f6cN3HboQ
An honor to join the @FaithandFreedom Coalition yesterday. In America, we don't worship government. We worship God.… https://t.co/1ds8BrzUQe
Congratulations to Jeb Hensarling &amp; Republicans on successful House vote to repeal major parts of the 2010 Dodd-Frank financial law. GROWTH!
Great reporting by @foxandfriends and so many others. Thank you!
Despite so many false statements and lies, total and complete vindication...and WOW, Comey is a leaker!
Getting ready to leave for Cincinnati, in the GREAT STATE of OHIO, to meet with ObamaCare victims and talk Healthcare &amp; also Infrastructure!
I will be nominating Christopher A. Wray, a man of impeccable credentials, to be the new Director of the FBI. Details to follow.
Senate passed the VA Accountability Act. The House should get this bill to my desk ASAP! We can’t tolerate substandard care for our vets.
#ICYMI: Announcement of Air Traffic Control Initiative Watch??https://t.co/IMiZr22gAw
Great meeting with @HouseGOP and @SenateGOP leaders, including @SpeakerRyan, @SenateMajLdr, @GOPLeader, @JohnCornyn… https://t.co/G03W8CEtCS
Today we remember the courage and bravery of our troops that stormed the beaches of Normandy 73 years ago. #DDay… https://t.co/zhR24dMzYB
...extremism, and all reference was pointing to Qatar. Perhaps this will be the beginning of the end to the horror of terrorism!
So good to see the Saudi Arabia visit with the King and 50 countries already paying off. They said they would take a hard line on funding...
Sorry folks, but if I would have relied on the Fake News of CNN, NBC, ABC, CBS, washpost or nytimes, I would have had ZERO chance winning WH
During my recent trip to the Middle East I stated that there can no longer be funding of Radical Ideology. Leaders pointed to Qatar - look!
The FAKE MSM is working so hard trying to get me not to use Social Media. They hate that I can get the honest and unfiltered message out.
Big meeting today with Republican leadership concerning Tax Cuts and Healthcare. We are all pushing hard - must get it right!
That's right, we need a TRAVEL BAN for certain DANGEROUS countries, not some politically correct term that won't help us protect our people!
Today, I announced an Air Traffic Control Initiative to take American air travel into the future - finally!??… https://t.co/NIIorkSRJN
.@SecShulkin's decision is one of the biggest wins for our VETERANS in decades. Our HEROES deserve the best! ??… https://t.co/RnNp9q7Tdh
Pathetic excuse by London Mayor Sadiq Khan who had to think fast on his "no reason to be alarmed" statement. MSM is working hard to sell it!
.@foxandfriends  Dems are taking forever to approve my people, including Ambassadors. They are nothing but OBSTRUCTIONISTS! Want approvals.
In any event we are EXTREME VETTING people coming into the U.S. in order to help keep our country safe. The courts are slow and political!
The Justice Dept. should ask for an expedited hearing of the watered down Travel Ban before the Supreme Court - &amp; seek much tougher version!
The Justice Dept. should have stayed with the original Travel Ban, not the watered down, politically correct version they submitted to S.C.
People, the lawyers and the courts can call it whatever they want, but I am calling it what we need and what it is, a TRAVEL BAN!
Do you notice we are not having a gun debate right now? That's because they used knives and a truck!
At least 7 dead and 48 wounded in terror attack and Mayor of London says there is "no reason to be alarmed!"
We must stop being politically correct and get down to the business of security for our people. If we don't get smart it will only get worse
Whatever the United States can do to help out in London and the U. K., we will be there - WE ARE WITH YOU. GOD BLESS!
We need to be smart, vigilant and tough. We need the courts to give us back our rights. We need the Travel Ban as an extra level of safety!
#WeeklyAddress???? https://t.co/DNzRZiKxhd
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain????https://t.co/eJxeVZ3A1r
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
My job as President is to do everything within my power to give America a level playing field. #AmericaFirst??????… https://t.co/hL7OwbWzyi
Join me live at the @WhiteHouse.??https://t.co/9VOb99W42r https://t.co/sjb5VHLHYH
The big story is the "unmasking and surveillance" of people that took place during the Obama Administration.
I will be announcing my decision on Paris Accord, Thursday at 3:00 P.M.  The White House Rose Garden.  MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Crooked Hillary Clinton now blames everybody but herself, refuses to say she was a terrible candidate. Hits Facebook &amp; even Dems &amp; DNC.
It was an honor to welcome the Prime Minister of Vietnam, Nguy?n Xuân Phúc to the @WhiteHouse this afternoon. https://t.co/6YbrIvJUCY
We traveled the world to strengthen long-standing alliances, and to form new partnerships. See more at:… https://t.co/FT4kyPoAl0
I will be announcing my decision on the Paris Accord over the next few days. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Hopefully Republican Senators, good people all, can quickly get together and pass a new (repeal &amp; replace) HEALTHCARE bill. Add saved $'s.
Kathy Griffin should be ashamed of herself. My children, especially my 11 year old son, Barron, are having a hard time with this. Sick!
...case against him &amp; now wants to clear his name by showing "the false or misleading testimony by James Comey, John Brennan..." Witch Hunt!
So now it is reported that the Democrats, who have excoriated Carter Page about Russia, don't want him to testify. He blows away their....
Who can figure out the true meaning of "covfefe" ???  Enjoy!
Despite the constant negative press covfefe
The U.S. Senate should switch to 51 votes, immediately, and get Healthcare and TAX CUTS approved, fast and easy. Dems would do it, no doubt!
Russian officials must be laughing at the U.S. &amp; how a lame excuse for why the Dems lost the election has taken over the Fake News.
We have a MASSIVE trade deficit with Germany, plus they pay FAR LESS than they should on NATO &amp; military. Very bad for U.S. This will change
I look forward to paying my respects to our brave men and women on this Memorial Day at Arlington National Cemetery later this morning.
Today we remember the men and women who made the ultimate sacrifice in serving. Thank you, God bless your families &amp; God bless the USA!
North Korea has shown great disrespect for their neighbor, China, by shooting off yet another ballistic missile...but China is trying hard!
Honoring the men and women who made the ultimate sacrifice in service to America. Home of the free, because of the brave. #MemorialDay????
The Fake News Media works hard at disparaging &amp; demeaning my use of social media because they don't want America to hear the real story!
The massive TAX CUTS/REFORM that I have submitted is moving along in the process very well, actually ahead of schedule. Big benefits to all!
I suggest that we add more dollars to Healthcare and make it the best anywhere. ObamaCare is dead - the Republicans will do much better!
British Prime Minister May was very angry that the info the U.K. gave to U.S. about Manchester was leaked. Gave me full details!
Does anyone notice how the Montana Congressional race was such a big deal to Dems &amp; Fake News until the Republican won? V was poorly covered
....it is very possible that those sources don't exist but are made up by fake news writers. #FakeNews is the enemy!
Does anyone notice how the Montana Congressional race was such a big deal to Dems &amp; Fake News until the Republican won? V was poorly covered
....it is very possible that those sources don't exsist but are made up by fake news writers. #FakeNews is the enemy!
Whenever you see the words 'sources say' in the fake news media, and they don't mention names....
It is my opinion that many of the leaks coming out of the White House are fabricated lies made up by the #FakeNews media.
Just returned from Europe. Trip was a great success for America. Hard work but big results!
Big win in Montana for Republicans!
Just arrived in Italy after having a very successful NATO meeting in Brussels. Told other nations they must pay more, not fair to  U.S.
Big win in Montana for Republicans! We
Bringing hundreds of billions of dollars back to the U.S.A. from the Middle East - which will mean JOBS, JOBS, JOBS!
I look forward to reading the @CommerceGov 232 analysis of steel and aluminum- to be released in June. Will take major action if necessary.
...."we push for the removal of all trade-distorting practices....to foster a truly level playing field."
Just left the #G7Summit. Had great meetings on everything, especially on trade where....
I will make my final decision on the Paris Accord next week!
Many NATO countries have agreed to step up payments considerably, as they should. Money is beginning to pour in- NATO will be much stronger.
Big G7 meetings today. Lots of very important matters under discussion. First on the list, of course, is terrorism. #G7Taormina
On behalf of @FLOTUS Melania and myself, thank you for a wonderful dinner and evening, President Sergio Mattarella.… https://t.co/EhvWgjkRrY
Terrorists are engaged in a war against civilization- it is up to all who value life to confront &amp; defeat this evil??https://t.co/haeuvCIF6I
Getting ready to engage G7 leaders on many issues including economic growth, terrorism, and security.
Just arrived in Italy for the G7. Trip has been very successful. We made and saved the USA many billions of dollars and millions of jobs.
Just arrived in Taormina with @FLOTUS Melania. #G7Summit #USA???? https://t.co/l7aXolKBiK
Thank you for your support. Together, we will MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN!#POTUSAbroad #USA???? https://t.co/42vCwr5GkA
Today's ceremony is a day for both remembrance and resolve.#NATOMeeting #NATO https://t.co/YNZV3bTekB
Thank you for the warm welcome to Brussels, Belgium this afternoon! https://t.co/1AvYSameD4
Honor of a lifetime to meet His Holiness Pope Francis. I leave the Vatican more determined than ever to pursue PEAC… https://t.co/Jhe7SROaxD
All civilized nations must join together to protect human life and the sacred right of our citizens to live in safety and in peace.
Israel, Saudi Arabia and the Middle East were great. Trying hard for PEACE. Doing well. Heading to Vatican &amp; Pope, then #G7 and #NATO.
Thank you for such a wonderful and unforgettable visit, Prime Minister @Netanyahu and @PresidentRuvi.
We stand in absolute solidarity with the people of the United Kingdom. https://t.co/X6fUUxxYXE
Prime Minister @Netanyahu and @PresidentRuvi- on behalf of @FLOTUS Melania and myself, thank you for the invitation… https://t.co/Z5YCpaRV6t
#RiyadhSummit #POTUSAbroad???? https://t.co/WdDEOiV6oS
Speech transcript at Arab Islamic American Summit ??https://t.co/eUWxJXJxbeReplay ??https://t.co/VtmlSqciXx#RiyadhSummit #POTUSAbroad
Thank you to the BRAVE servicemen &amp; women who have served, and continue to serve the United States- our true HEROES… https://t.co/ZTV9F639xM
Great to be in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia. Looking forward to the afternoon and evening ahead. #POTUSAbroad https://t.co/JJOra0KfyR
#WeeklyAddress??????https://t.co/UYEhgch4Hl https://t.co/HIQoFuc5cy
Getting ready for my big foreign trip. Will be strongly protecting American interests - that's what I like to do!
"President Donald J. Trump Proclaims 5/14/2017 through 5/20/2017 as #PoliceWeek"Proclamation??… https://t.co/EcCsGaizWu
A great honor to welcome President Juan Manuel Santos of Colombia to the White House today!????????Joint Press Conf??… https://t.co/uWfiQEdsaY
With all of the illegal acts that took place in the Clinton campaign &amp; Obama Administration, there was never a special counsel appointed!
This is the single greatest witch hunt of a politician in American history!
With all of the illegal acts that took place in the Clinton campaign &amp; Obama Administration, there was never a special councel appointed!
It was my great honor to deliver the #CGACommencement17 at the @USCGAcademy. CONGRATULATIONS to the Class of 2017!… https://t.co/ehQanQXiSy
It was a great honor to welcome the President of Turkey, Recep Tayyip Erdogan, to the @WhiteHouse today! https://t.co/4BWjOCgnNv
'U.S. Industrial Production Surged in April' https://t.co/S0Z4SEIRhi
I have been asking Director Comey &amp; others, from the beginning of my administration, to find the LEAKERS in the intelligence community.....
...to terrorism and airline flight safety. Humanitarian reasons, plus I want Russia to greatly step up their fight against ISIS &amp; terrorism.
As President I wanted to share with Russia (at an openly scheduled W.H. meeting) which I have the absolute right to do, facts pertaining....
#PeaceOfficersMemorialDay and#PoliceWeek Proclamation: https://t.co/o4IXVfZuHw https://t.co/UMJ6hklx4a
Today, I delivered remarks at the 36th Annual National Peace Officers' Memorial Service. #NationalPoliceWeekWatch… https://t.co/3EioVDCTqb
Wishing @FLOTUS Melania and all of the great mothers out there a wonderful day ahead with family and friends! Happy #MothersDay
I was thrilled to be back @LibertyU. Congratulations to the Class of 2017! This is your day, and you've earned it.… https://t.co/87RYOPwBiY
Will be interviewed by @JudgeJeanine on @FoxNews at 9:00 P.M. (Saturday night). Enjoy!
We
#WeeklyAddress??????https://t.co/uT4K4fh88Y https://t.co/1iW7tVVNCH
Today, I welcomed the Victory Christian Center School. Good luck @ the Team America Rocketry Challenge! #TARC Watch… https://t.co/wFrRsK2wuo
Today, @FLOTUS hosted a Military Mother's Day Event in the East Room of the WH. It was an honor to stop by, say hel… https://t.co/wNVB0PYoef
China just agreed that the U.S. will be allowed to sell beef, and other major products, into China once again. This is REAL news!
When James Clapper himself, and virtually everyone else with knowledge of the witch hunt, says there is no collusion, when does it end?
James Comey better hope that there are no "tapes" of our conversations before he starts leaking to the press!
...Maybe the best thing to do would be to cancel all future "press briefings" and hand out written responses for the sake of accuracy???
As a very active President with lots of things happening, it is not possible for my surrogates to stand at podium with perfect accuracy!....
The Fake Media is working overtime today!
Again, the story that there was collusion between the Russians &amp; Trump campaign was fabricated by Dems as an excuse for losing the election.
Yesterday, on the same day- I had meetings with Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov and the FM of Ukraine, Pavlo… https://t.co/hm4U54DCQO
Russia must be laughing up their sleeves watching as the U.S. tears itself apart over a Democrat EXCUSE for losing the election.
We finally agree on something Rosie. https://t.co/BSP5F3PgbZ
'Presidential Executive Order on the Establishment of Presidential Advisory Commission on Election Integrity'??… https://t.co/kVG8r7qZS5
'Presidential Executive Order on Strengthening the Cybersecurity of Federal Networks and Critical Infrastructure'… https://t.co/kQDBvXPekk
The Democrats should be ashamed. This is a disgrace!#DrainTheSwamp https://t.co/UfbKEECm2V
Dems have been complaining for months &amp; months about Dir. Comey. Now that he has been fired they PRETEND to be aggrieved. Phony hypocrites!
The Roger Stone report on @CNN is false - Fake News. Have not spoken to Roger in a long time - had nothing to do with my decision.
caught, he cried like a baby and begged for forgiveness...and now he is judge &amp; jury. He should be the one who is investigated for his acts.
years, as a pol in Connecticut, Blumenthal would talk of his great bravery and conquests in Vietnam - except he was never there. When....
Watching Senator Richard Blumenthal speak of Comey is a joke. "Richie" devised one of the greatest military frauds in U.S. history. For....
Comey lost the confidence of almost everyone in Washington, Republican and Democrat alike. When things calm down, they will be thanking me!
James Comey will be replaced by someone who will do a far better job, bringing back the spirit and prestige of the FBI.
The Democrats have said some of the worst things about James Comey, including the fact that he should be fired, but now they play so sad!
Cryin' Chuck Schumer stated recently, "I do not have confidence in him (James Comey) any longer." Then acts so indignant.  #draintheswamp
'Manufacturing openings, hires rise to highest levels of the recovery'https://t.co/txFZDYYIOe
It was an honor to welcome the Teachers of the Year to the WH last month. Today, we honor and thank all teachers!… https://t.co/sAUJfIZCwR
Biggest story today between Clapper &amp; Yates is on surveillance. Why doesn't the media report on this? #FakeNews!
The Russia-Trump collusion story is a total hoax, when will this taxpayer funded charade end?
Sally Yates made the fake media extremely unhappy today --- she said nothing but old news!
Director Clapper reiterated what everybody, including the fake media already knows- there is "no evidence" of collusion w/ Russia and Trump.
Honored to welcome Georgia Prime Minister, Giorgi Kvirikashvili to the @WhiteHouse today with @VP Mike Pence.… https://t.co/ohXXgTNtWB
Ask Sally Yates, under oath, if she knows how classified information got into the newspapers soon after she explained it to W.H. Counsel.
Ask Sally Yates, under oath, if she knows how classified information got into the newspapers soon after she explained it to W.H. Council.
General Flynn was given the highest security clearance by the Obama Administration - but the Fake News seldom likes talking about that.
Congratulations to @PGA_JohnDaly on his big win yesterday. John is a great guy who never gave up - and now a winner again!
Rexnord of Indiana made a deal during the Obama Administration to move to Mexico. Fired their employees. Tax product big that's sold in U.S.
Congratulations to Emmanuel Macron on his big win today as the next President of France. I look very much forward to working with him!
Republican Senators will not let the American people down! ObamaCare premiums and deductibles are way up - it was a lie and it is dead!
When will the Fake Media ask about the Dems dealings with Russia &amp; why the DNC wouldn't allow the FBI to check their server or investigate?
The reason I am staying in Bedminster, N. J., a beautiful community, is that staying in NYC is much more expensive and disruptive. Meetings!
Great jobs report today - It is all beginning to work!
Why is it that the Fake News rarely reports Ocare is on its last legs and that insurance companies are fleeing for their lives? It's dead!
Wow,the Fake News media did everything in its power to make the Republican Healthcare victory look as bad as possible.Far better than Ocare!
#WeeklyAddress???? https://t.co/4qckKpbtCR
JOBS, JOBS, JOBS! https://t.co/UR0eetSEnO
Of course the Australians have better healthcare than we do --everybody does. ObamaCare is dead! But our healthcare will soon be great.
Rather than causing a big disruption in N.Y.C., I will be working out of my home in Bedminster, N.J. this weekend. Also saves country money!
Big win in the House - very exciting! But when everything comes together with the inclusion of Phase 2, we will have truly great healthcare!
An honor to welcome PM of Australia, @TurnbullMalcolm to America &amp; join him in marking the 75th Anniversary of the… https://t.co/foMUec7EAE
It was a GREAT day for the United States of America! This is a great plan that is a repeal &amp; replace of ObamaCare.… https://t.co/0TnmLn55Lm
If victorious, Republicans will be having a big press conference at the beautiful Rose Garden of the White House immediately after vote!
Insurance companies are fleeing ObamaCare - it is dead. Our healthcare plan will lower premiums &amp; deductibles - and be great healthcare!
I am watching the Democrats trying to defend the "you can keep you doctor, you can keep your plan &amp; premiums will go down" ObamaCare lie."
Beautiful evening with Religious Leaders here at the WH last night. Join us now for a #NationalDayofPrayer, LIVE:… https://t.co/b8j1tWZJuv
Death spiral!'Aetna will exit Obamacare markets in VA in 2018, citing expected losses on INDV plans this year'https://t.co/5YnzDitF8r
Congratulations to @foxandfriends on its unbelievable ratings hike.
The Fake News media is officially out of control. They will do or say anything in order to get attention - never been a time like this!
...allegations of unmasking Trump transition officials. Not good!
Susan Rice, the former National Security Advisor to President Obama, is refusing to testify before a Senate Subcommittee next week on.....
An honor to host President Mahmoud Abbas at the WH today. Hopefully something terrific could come out it between th… https://t.co/eyHLFZbKhn
It was an honor to stop by a #SchoolChoice event hosted by @VP Pence and @usedgov Secretary @BetsyDeVosED at the… https://t.co/B8VxVsYNHA
...Trump/Russia story was an excuse used by the Democrats as justification for losing the election. Perhaps Trump just ran a great campaign?
FBI Director Comey was the best thing that ever happened to Hillary Clinton in that he gave her a free pass for many bad deeds! The phony...
Congratulations to the winners of the Commander-in-Chief's Trophy, the great Air Force Falcons! Watch:… https://t.co/HyxxFCfaUh
either elect more Republican Senators in 2018 or change the rules now to 51%. Our country needs a good "shutdown" in September to fix mess!
The reason for the plan negotiated between the Republicans and Democrats is that we need 60 votes in the Senate which are not there! We....
President Andrew Jackson, who died 16 years before the Civil War started, saw it coming and was angry. Would never have let it happen!
#ICYMI- On Saturday I signed two EO's to help keep jobs &amp; wealth in our country.EO1: https://t.co/XJggnJAiPi EO2:… https://t.co/2iEten4SVl
This month we celebrate the contributions of Asian Americans &amp; Pacific Islanders that enrich our Nation. https://t.co/rEJi9ahOaY
...healthcare plan is on its way. Will have much lower premiums &amp; deductibles while at the same time taking care of pre-existing conditions!
You can't compare anything to ObamaCare because ObamaCare is dead. Dems want billions to go to Insurance Companies to bail out donors....New
The Democrats, without a leader, have become the party of obstruction.They are only interested in themselves and not in what's best for U.S.
Big excitement last night in the Great State of Pennsylvania! Fantastic crowd and people. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I will be interviewed on @FaceTheNation this morning at 10:00 A.M. Have a great day!
Mainstream (FAKE) media refuses to state our long list of achievements, including 28 legislative signings, strong borders &amp; great optimism!
Looking forward to RALLY in the Great State of Pennsylvania tonight at 7:30. Big crowd, big energy!
.@LouDobbs just stated that "President Trump's successes are unmatched in recent presidential history"  Thank you Lou!
North Korea disrespected the wishes of China &amp; its highly respected President when it launched, though unsuccessfully, a missile today. Bad!
I will be interviewed by @MarthaMaccallum on @FoxNews tonight at 7pm. Enjoy!
We are making tremendous progress with the V. A. There has never been so much done so quickly, and we have just started. We love our VETS!
Today, I signed an Executive Order on Improving Accountability and Whistleblower Protection at the @DeptVetAffairs:… https://t.co/UQ6VNCyhlj
Presidential Memorandum for the @CommerceGov, @SecretaryRoss re: Aluminum Imports and Threats to National Security:… https://t.co/GnKoVz9GTO
.@FLOTUS Melania and I were honored to welcome Argentina President @MauricioMacri and First Lady Juliana Awada to t… https://t.co/gR3EPznu1H
As families prepare for summer vacations in our National Parks - Democrats threaten to close them and shut down the government. Terrible!
Democrats used to support border security — now they want illegals to pour through our borders.
Democrats jeopardizing the safety of our troops to bail out their donors from insurance companies. It is time to put #AmericaFirst????
What's more important? Rebuilding our military - or bailing out insurance companies? Ask the Democrats.
I promise to rebuild our military and secure our border. Democrats want to shut down the government. Politics!
I want to help our miners while the Democrats are blocking their healthcare.
The Democrats want to shut government if we don't bail out Puerto Rico and give billions to their insurance companies for OCare failure. NO!
...subject to the fact that if we do not reach a fair deal for all, we will then terminate NAFTA. Relationships are good-deal very possible!
I received calls from the President of Mexico and the Prime Minister of Canada asking to renegotiate NAFTA rather than terminate. I agreed..
Democrats are trying to bail out insurance companies from disastrous #ObamaCare, and Puerto Rico with your tax dollars. Sad!
A great great honor to welcome &amp; recognize the National Teacher of the Year, as well as the Teacher of the Year fro… https://t.co/pUGl7RDoVX
Today, I signed an Executive Order on Enforcing Statutory Prohibitions on Federal Control of Education. EO:… https://t.co/YYafFQncbC
Today, I signed an Executive Order @ the U.S. Dept. of @Interior: 'Review of Designations Under the Antiquities Act… https://t.co/Eq6JDzMqTY
HAPPY BIRTHDAY to our @FLOTUS, Melania! https://t.co/rYYp51mxDQ https://t.co/np7KYHglSv
The U.S. recorded its slowest economic growth in five years (2016). GDP up only 1.6%. Trade deficits hurt the economy very badly.
...the Ninth Circuit, which has a terrible record of being overturned (close to 80%). They used to call this "judge shopping!" Messy system.
Out of our very big country, with many choices, does everyone notice that both the "ban" case and now the "sanctuary" case is brought in ...
First the Ninth Circuit rules against the ban &amp; now it hits again on sanctuary cities-both ridiculous rulings. See you in the Supreme Court!
'Presidential Executive Order on Promoting Agriculture and Rural Prosperity in America'Executive Order:… https://t.co/LVMjZ9Ax0U
Remarks at the United States Holocaust Memorial Museum's National Days of Remembrance. Full remarks:… https://t.co/BJbI6ZtGo7
Don't let the fake media tell you that I have changed my position on the WALL. It will get built and help stop drugs, human trafficking etc.
Canada has made business for our dairy farmers in Wisconsin and other border states very difficult. We will not stand for this. Watch!
Proud of @IvankaTrump for her leadership on these important issues. Looking forward to hearing her speak at the W20! https://t.co/e6Uajrm8zp
Today, I signed the Holocaust Remembrance Proclamation: https://t.co/762SqgdLMV #ICYMI- My statement last night at… https://t.co/vrqqFDi8En
If our healthcare plan is approved, you will see real healthcare and premiums will start tumbling down. ObamaCare is in a death spiral!
Join me in congratulating @NASA's @AstroPeggy by using the hashtag #CongratsPeggy! Earlier today:… https://t.co/AUdJgxXiT4
....the wall is not built, which it will be, the drug situation will NEVER be fixed the way it should be!#BuildTheWall
#CongratsPeggy! https://t.co/e1q36nKT8g
The Wall is a very important tool in stopping drugs from pouring into our country and poisoning our youth (and many others)! If
The two fake news polls released yesterday, ABC &amp; NBC, while containing some very positive info, were totally wrong in General E. Watch!
...popular vote. ABC News/Washington Post Poll (wrong big on election) said almost all stand by their vote on me &amp; 53% said strong leader.
New polls out today are very good considering that much of the media is FAKE and almost always negative. Would still beat Hillary in .....
Eventually, but at a later date so we can get started early, Mexico will be paying, in some form, for the badly needed border wall.
The Democrats don't want money from budget going to border wall despite the fact that it will stop drugs and very bad MS 13 gang members.
ObamaCare is in serious trouble. The Dems need big money to keep it going - otherwise it dies far sooner than anyone would have thought.
Thank you Lake Worth, Florida. @foxandfriends
Very interesting election currently taking place in France.
I am committed to keeping our air and water clean but always remember that economic growth enhances environmental protection. Jobs matter!
Today on Earth Day, we celebrate our beautiful forests, lakes and land. We stand committed to preserving the natural beauty of our nation.
Big TAX REFORM AND TAX REDUCTION will be announced next Wednesday.
Next Saturday night I will be holding a BIG rally in Pennsylvania. Look forward to it!
Getting ready to visit Walter Reed Medical Center with Melania. Looking forward to seeing our bravest and greatest Americans!
After 5 SB victories since 2002, it was my honor to give Bob Kraft, Coach Belichick, and the players their first to… https://t.co/UZPKjqoGZY
'Presidential Executive Order on Identifying and Reducing Tax Regulatory Burdens' Executive Order:… https://t.co/dpE6hDzlAt
WELCOME HOME, AYA!#GodBlessTheUSA???? https://t.co/CR4I8dvunc
China is very much the economic lifeline to North Korea so, while nothing is easy, if they want to solve the North Korean problem, they will
No matter how much I accomplish during the ridiculous standard of the first 100 days, &amp; it has been a lot (including S.C.), media will kill!
Another terrorist attack in Paris. The people of France will not take much more of this. Will have a big effect on presidential election!
A great honor to host PM Paolo Gentiloni of Italy at the White House this afternoon! #ICYMI- Joint Press Conference… https://t.co/lJAvEZJV1F
We're going to use American steel, we're going to use American labor, we are going to come first in all deals. ??… https://t.co/QYjWx9K4YY
Failing @nytimes, which has been calling me wrong for two years, just got caught in a big lie concerning New England Patriots visit to W.H.
A great honor to host the @SuperBowl Champion New England @Patriots at the White House today. Congratulations!… https://t.co/tQ5XEPaIxn
Today I signed the Veterans (OUR HEROES) Choice Program Extension &amp; Improvement Act @ the @WhiteHouse. #S544 Watch… https://t.co/0sMv4sPrmf
#BuyAmericanHireAmerican???? https://t.co/JPEXQTVR1E
Dems failed in Kansas and are now failing in Georgia. Great job Karen Handel! It is now Hollywood vs. Georgia on June 20th.
Despite major outside money, FAKE media support and eleven Republican candidates, BIG "R" win with runoff in Georgia. Glad to be of help!
#BuyAmericanHireAmerican????Watch??https://t.co/AUqYcrgeyn https://t.co/rf9aivVb7g
Just learned that Jon @Ossoff, who is running for Congress in Georgia, doesn't even live in the district. Republicans, get out and vote!
Republicans must get out today and VOTE in Georgia 6. Force runoff and easy win! Dem Ossoff will raise your taxes-very bad on crime &amp; 2nd A.
Democrat Jon Ossoff would be a disaster in Congress. VERY weak on crime and illegal immigration, bad for jobs and wants higher taxes. Say NO
I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends by @ainsleyearhardt starting at 6:00 A.M. Enjoy!
The weak illegal immigration policies of the Obama Admin. allowed bad MS 13 gangs to form in cities across U.S. We are removing them fast!
With eleven Republican candidates running in Georgia (on Tuesday) for Congress, a runoff will be a win. Vote "R" for lower taxes &amp; safety!
See you tomorrow Wisconsin!'Trump spurs small-business optimism in Milwaukee area'https://t.co/JUxhO3oqjO
TRUMP APPROVAL HITS 50%https://t.co/vjZkGTyQb9
The super Liberal Democrat in the Georgia Congressioal race tomorrow wants to protect criminals, allow illegal immigration and raise taxes!
The Fake Media (not Real Media) has gotten even worse since the election. Every story is badly slanted. We have to hold them to the truth!
A great book for your reading enjoyment: "REASONS TO VOTE FOR DEMOCRATS" by Michael J. Knowles.
"The first 90 days of my presidency has exposed the total failure of the last eight years of foreign policy!" So true. @foxandfriends
The recent Kansas election (Congress) was a really big media event, until the Republicans won. Now they play the same game with Georgia-BAD!
Our military is building and is rapidly becoming stronger than ever before. Frankly, we have no choice!
Someone should look into who paid for the small organized rallies yesterday. The election is over!
I did what was an almost an impossible thing to do for a Republican-easily won the Electoral College! Now Tax Returns are brought up again?
Happy Easter to everyone!
Why would I call China a currency manipulator when they are working with us on the North Korean problem? We will see what happens!
Weekly Address- https://t.co/tpZ7eqJLUH https://t.co/B2NQzj53ft
It was a great honor to welcome Atlanta's heroic first responders to the White House this afternoon! https://t.co/ZtC14AJ0xs
Things will work out fine between the U.S.A. and Russia. At the right time everyone will come to their senses &amp; there will be lasting peace!
I have great confidence that China will properly deal with North Korea. If they are unable to do so, the U.S., with its allies, will! U.S.A.
Jobs are returning, illegal immigration is plummeting, law, order and justice are being restored. We are truly making America great again!
One by one we are keeping our promises - on the border, on energy, on jobs, on regulations. Big changes are happening!
Economic confidence is soaring as we unleash the power of private sector job creation and stand up for the American Workers. #AmericaFirst
Great meeting w/ NATO Sec. Gen. We agreed on the importance of getting countries to pay their fair share &amp; focus on… https://t.co/G9TdjWezmH
Great win in Kansas last night for Ron Estes, easily winning the Congressional race against the Dems, who spent heavily &amp; predicted victory!
Had a very good call last night with the President of China concerning the menace of North Korea.
I will be interviewed by @MariaBartiromo at 6:00 A.M. @FoxBusiness. Enjoy!
Great Strategic &amp; Policy CEO Forum today with my Cabinet Secretaries and top CEO's from around the United States.… https://t.co/pmGIL08OpP
Ron Estes is running TODAY for Congress in the Great State of Kansas. A wonderful guy, I need his help on Healthcare &amp; Tax Cuts (Reform).
North Korea is looking for trouble. If China decides to help, that would be great. If not, we will solve the problem without them!  U.S.A.
I explained to the President of China that a trade deal with the U.S. will be far better for them if they solve the North Korean problem!
Happy Passover to everyone celebrating in the United States of America, Israel, and around the world. #ChagSameach
Congratulations to Justice Neil Gorsuch on his elevation to the United States Supreme Court. A great day for Americ… https://t.co/RM9lfTaePS
Thank you @USNavy! #USA https://t.co/oD7L8vPgjq
...confidence that President Al Sisi will handle situation properly.
So sad to hear of the terrorist attack in Egypt. U.S. strongly condemns. I have great...
Judge Gorsuch will be sworn in at the Rose Garden of the White House on Monday at 11:00 A.M. He will be a great Justice. Very proud of him!
The reason you don't generally hit runways is that they are easy and inexpensive to quickly fix (fill in and top)!
Congratulations to our great military men and women for representing the United States, and the world, so well in the Syria attack.
...goodwill and friendship was formed, but only time will tell on trade.
It was a great honor to have President Xi Jinping and Madame Peng Liyuan of China as our guests in the United States. Tremendous...
It was an honor to host our American heroes from the @WWP #SoldierRideDC at the @WhiteHouse today with @FLOTUS, @VP… https://t.co/u5AI1pupVV
JOBS, JOBS, JOBS!https://t.co/XGOQPHywrt https://t.co/B5Qbn6llzE
I am deeply committed to preserving our strong relationship &amp; to strengthening America's long-standing support for… https://t.co/GxrOR3ALCE
Great to talk jobs with #NABTU2017. Tremendous spirit &amp; optimism - we will deliver! https://t.co/6lRuQZZHrc
Thank you Sean McGarvey &amp; the entire Governing Board of Presidents for honoring me w/an invite to speak. #NABTU2017… https://t.co/dJlZvlq6Tj
.@WhiteHouse #CEOTownHall??https://t.co/ADSKuUXf1b https://t.co/XHfQ6zmF2H
It was an honor to welcome President Al Sisi of Egypt to the @WhiteHouse as we renew the historic partnership betwe… https://t.co/9mRaGvcPHz
Looking forward to hosting our heroes from the Wounded Warrior Project (@WWP) Soldier Ride to the @WhiteHouse on Th… https://t.co/QLC0qFD94x
Getting ready to meet President al-Sisi of Egypt. On behalf of the United States, I look forward to a long and wonderful relationship.
.@FoxNews from multiple sources: "There was electronic surveillance of Trump, and people close to Trump. This is unprecedented." @FBI
Did Hillary Clinton ever apologize for receiving the answers to the debate? Just asking!
Was the brother of John Podesta paid big money to get the sanctions on Russia lifted? Did Hillary know?
Such amazing reporting on unmasking and the crooked scheme against us by @foxandfriends. "Spied on before nomination." The real story.
Melania and I are honored to light up the @WhiteHouse this evening, for #WorldAutismAwarenessDay. Join us &amp; #LIUB.… https://t.co/tR3hqqyWvv
The real story turns out to be SURVEILLANCE and LEAKING! Find the leakers.
Talks on Repealing and Replacing ObamaCare are, and have been, going on, and will continue until such time as a deal is hopefully struck.
Anybody (especially  Fake News media) who thinks that Repeal &amp; Replace of ObamaCare is dead does not know the love and strength in R Party!
Thank you @JCLayfield -- will get even better as my Administration continues to put #AmericaFirst???? https://t.co/AQQzmt10x7
..not associated with Russia. Trump team spied on before he was nominated." If this is true, does not get much bigger. Would be sad for U.S.
Wow, @FoxNews just reporting big news. Source: "Official behind unmasking is high up. Known Intel official is responsible. Some unmasked....
...use subsidies to buy health plans." In other words, Ocare is dead. Good things will happen, however, either with Republicans or Dems.
The failing @nytimes finally gets it - "In places where no insurance company offers plans, there will be no way for ObamaCare customers to..
It is the same Fake News Media that said there is "no path to victory for Trump" that is now pushing the phony Russia story. A total scam!
When will Sleepy Eyes Chuck Todd and @NBCNews start talking about the Obama SURVEILLANCE SCANDAL and stop with the Fake Trump/Russia story?
We are going to defend our industry &amp; create a level playing field for the American worker. It is time to put… https://t.co/dzPKJMghj1
'Trump Celebrates American Manufacturing Survey Showing Highest Level of Optimism in 20 Years' ??… https://t.co/cVWXOa1MjY
It is an exciting time for our country!#WeeklyAddress #ConfirmGorsuch https://t.co/tP4bkvTOBq
#ConfirmGorsuch #SCOTUS https://t.co/WkqHYMcYa3
Great meeting with a wonderful woman today, former Secretary of State, Condoleezza Rice! #USA???? https://t.co/ZuriIC3YwG
It was an honor to welcome the Prime Minister of Denmark, Lars Løkke Rasmussen {@larsloekke} to the @WhiteHouse yes… https://t.co/N1g0TiVnSp
Mike Flynn should ask for immunity in that this is a witch hunt (excuse for big election loss), by media &amp; Dems, of historic proportion!
Only by enlisting the full potential of women in our society will we be truly able to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain????… https://t.co/cxhgYaxiek
...and job losses. American companies must be prepared to look at other alternatives.
The meeting next week with China will be a very difficult one in that we can no longer have massive trade deficits...
Where are @RepMarkMeadows, @Jim_Jordan and @Raul_Labrador?#RepealANDReplace #Obamacare
If @RepMarkMeadows, @Jim_Jordan and @Raul_Labrador would get on board we would have both great healthcare and massive tax cuts &amp; reform.
If @RepMarkMeadows, @Jim_Jordan and Raul_Labrador would get on board we would have both great healthcare and massive tax cuts &amp; reform.
Great op-ed from @RepKenBuck. Looks like some in the Freedom Caucus are helping me end #Obamacare. https://t.co/Y2vTnIBTBZ
The failing @nytimes has disgraced the media world. Gotten me wrong for two solid years. Change libel laws? https://t.co/QIqLgvYLLi
The Freedom Caucus will hurt the entire Republican agenda if they don't get on the team, &amp; fast. We must fight them, &amp; Dems, in 2018!
Today we honored our true American heroes on the first-ever National Vietnam War Veterans Day.#ThankAVeteran… https://t.co/deOHapcV4J
.@FLOTUS Melania and I were honored to stop by the Women's Empowerment  Panel this afternoon at the @WhiteHouse.… https://t.co/phLPw8lgTu
Today's EO established a commission on combating drug addiction and the opioid crisis. Watch listening session??… https://t.co/ooF2ediqSt
If the people of our great country could only see how viciously and inaccurately my administration is covered by certain media!
Remember when the failing @nytimes apologized to its subscribers, right after the election, because their coverage was so wrong. Now worse!
Why doesn't Fake News talk about Podesta ties to Russia as covered by @FoxNews or money from Russia to Clinton - sale of  Uranium?
A NEW ERA IN AMERICAN ENERGY! #MadeInTheUSA????Watch here: https://t.co/EG02Fdlkba https://t.co/XT12jqoIqj
It was an honor to welcome @GLFOP to the @WhiteHouse today with @VP Pence &amp; Attorney General Sessions. THANK YOU fo… https://t.co/VHzTB4c69h
The failing @NYTimes would do much better if they were honest! https://t.co/ATy8R3knS2
Watch @foxandfriends now on Podesta and Russia!
Big announcement by Ford today. Major investment to be made in three Michigan plants. Car companies coming back to U.S.  JOBS! JOBS! JOBS!
The Democrats will make a deal with me on healthcare as soon as ObamaCare folds - not long. Do not worry, we are in very  good shape!
The Republican House Freedom Caucus was able to snatch defeat from the jaws of victory. After so many bad years they were ready for a win!
...money to Bill, the Hillary Russian "reset," praise of Russia by Hillary, or Podesta Russian Company. Trump Russia story is a hoax. #MAGA!
Why isn't the House Intelligence Committee looking into the Bill &amp; Hillary deal that allowed big Uranium to go to Russia, Russian speech....
General Kelly is doing a great job at the border. Numbers are way down. Many are not even trying to come in anymore.
Democrats are smiling in D.C. that the Freedom Caucus, with the help of Club For Growth and Heritage, have saved Planned Parenthood &amp; Ocare!
Thanks you for all of the Trump Rallies today. Amazing support. We will all MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Watch @JudgeJeanine on @FoxNews tonight at 9:00 P.M.
ObamaCare will explode and we will all get together and piece together a great healthcare plan for THE PEOPLE. Do not worry!
Happy #MedalOfHonorDay to our heroes! ??https://t.co/juAB1RmMh0 https://t.co/Sw5ea1OwUf
Today, I was thrilled to announce a commitment of $25 BILLION &amp; 20K AMERICAN JOBS over the next 4 years. THANK YOU… https://t.co/nWJ1hNmzoR
Today, I was pleased to announce the official approval of the presidential permit for the #KeystonePipeline. A grea… https://t.co/GWNo2XAueg
The irony is that the Freedom Caucus, which is very pro-life and against Planned Parenthood, allows P.P. to continue if they stop this plan!
After seven horrible years of ObamaCare (skyrocketing premiums &amp; deductibles, bad healthcare), this is finally your chance for a great plan!
It was an honor to welcome so many truckers and trucking industry leaders to the @WhiteHouse today! https://t.co/M1veooVBNE
We are taking action to #RepealANDReplace #Obamacare! Contact your Rep &amp; tell them you support #AHCA. #PassTheBill… https://t.co/5lsrDJXfzb
A great American, Kurt Cochran, was killed in the London terror attack. My prayers and condolences are with his family and friends.
Just watched the totally biased and fake news reports of the so-called Russia story on NBC and ABC. Such dishonesty!
Spoke to U.K. Prime Minister Theresa May today to offer condolences on the terrorist attack in London. She is strong and doing very well.
Big day for healthcare. Working hard!
Today on #NationalAgDay, we honor our great American farmers &amp; ranchers. Their hard work &amp; dedication are ingrained… https://t.co/IpGRhly2zj
Honored to sign S.442 today. With this legislation, we support @NASA's scientists, engineers, and astronauts in the… https://t.co/Z5VwluvJQx
Joined the @HouseGOP Conference this morning at the U.S. Capitol. https://t.co/03e4YBIWr0 #PassTheBill #MAGA????… https://t.co/3swdFWGQtP
Thank you Louisville, Kentucky. Together, we will MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN! https://t.co/qGgWEWUvek
Thank you Louisville, Kentucky- on my way! #MAGA???? https://t.co/3QsBsib6kt
Congratulations Eric &amp; Lara. Very proud and happy for the two of you! https://t.co/s0T3cTQc40
What about all of the contact with the Clinton campaign and the Russians? Also, is it true that the DNC would not let the FBI in to look?
Just heard Fake News CNN is doing polls again despite the fact that their election polls were a WAY OFF disaster. Much higher ratings at Fox
The real story that Congress, the FBI and all others should be looking into is the leaking of Classified information. Must find leaker now!
The Democrats made up and pushed the Russian story as an excuse for running a terrible campaign. Big advantage in Electoral College &amp; lost!
James Clapper and others stated that there is no evidence Potus colluded with Russia. This story is FAKE NEWS and everyone knows it!
#ICYMI: Weekly Address ??https://t.co/ckVx2zgA1x https://t.co/dTGZLvlsGv
...vast sums of money to NATO &amp; the United States must be paid more for the powerful, and very expensive, defense it provides to Germany!
Despite what you have heard from the FAKE NEWS, I had a GREAT meeting with German Chancellor Angela Merkel. Nevertheless, Germany owes.....
Great meeting with the @RepublicanStudy Committee this morning at the @WhiteHouse! https://t.co/8Y2UoHoYaY
"The President Changed. So Has Small Businesses' Confidence"https://t.co/daTGjPmYeJ
North Korea is behaving very badly. They have been "playing" the United States for years. China has done little to help!
Happy Lá Fheile Phadraig to all of my great Irish friends!
My representatives had a great meeting w/ the Hispanic Chamber of Commerce at the WH today. Look forward to tremendous growth &amp; future mtgs!
Great progress on healthcare. Improvements being made - Republicans coming together!
An honor to welcome the Taoiseach of Ireland, @EndaKennyTD to the @WhiteHouse today with @VP Pence. ???????? https://t.co/J3iTl2iSiQ
A budget that puts #AmericaFirst must make safety its no. 1 priority—without safety there can be no prosperity: https://t.co/9lxx1iQo7m
Thank you Nashville, Tennessee! https://t.co/6snvQ0DzXN
In Nashville, Tennessee! Lets MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! https://t.co/m5UR4vv6UH
Thank you Andrew Jackson! #POTUS7 #USA???? https://t.co/GToWsWXiNv
I will be interviewed by @TuckerCarlson tonight at 9:00 P.M. on @FoxNews. Enjoy!
CEO's most optimistic since 2009. It will only get better as we continue to slash unnecessary regulations and when we begin our big tax cut!
Looking forward to a big rally in Nashville, Tennessee, tonight. Big crowd of great people expected. Will be fun!
Will be going to Detroit, Michigan (love), today for a big meeting on bringing back car production to State &amp; U.S. Already happening!
Can you imagine what the outcry would be if @SnoopDogg, failing career and all, had aimed and fired the gun at President Obama? Jail time!
Does anybody really believe that a reporter, who nobody ever heard of, "went to his mailbox" and found my tax returns? @NBCNews  FAKE NEWS!
Great optimism in America – and the results will be even better! https://t.co/SYBl47CsZn
JOBS, JOBS, JOBS! https://t.co/wAkQMKdPXA
Meeting w/ Washington, D.C. @MayorBowser and Metro GM Paul Wiedefeld about incoming winter storm preparations here… https://t.co/mg0A4Hq3bD
Proud to welcome our great Cabinet this afternoon for our first meeting. Unfortunately 4 seats were empty because S… https://t.co/bMYph832hF
Healthcare listening session w/ @VP &amp; @SecPriceMD. Watch: https://t.co/5ayQ4dr8Ip #ReadTheBill:… https://t.co/1cQI0ZBUv8
ObamaCare is imploding. It is a disaster and 2017 will be the worst year yet, by far! Republicans will come together and save the day.
It is amazing how rude much of the media is to my very hard working representatives. Be nice, you will do much better!
We are making great progress with healthcare. ObamaCare is imploding and will only get worse. Republicans coming together to get job done!
Weekly Address - 11:00 A.M. at the @WhiteHouse! #MAGA??????https://t.co/YSaPJnSX2i https://t.co/Gb8iTGzb6j
Honored to meet this years @SenateYouth delegates w/ @VP Pence in the East Room of the @WhiteHouse. Congratulations… https://t.co/oQIx7LybCV
'U.S. Consumer Comfort Just Reached Its Highest Level in a Decade' ??https://t.co/S8nZgmeMMV https://t.co/xC0piRa6eP
Despite what you hear in the press, healthcare is coming along great. We are talking to many groups and it will end in a beautiful picture!
Great news. We are only just beginning. Together, we are going to #MAGA! https://t.co/BSp685Q9Qf https://t.co/K7yeBZsf6r
Met with @RepCummings today at the @WhiteHouse. Great discussion!
LinkedIn Workforce Report: January and February were the strongest consecutive months for hiring since August and September 2015
On International Women's Day, join me in honoring the critical role of women here in America &amp; around the world.
I have tremendous respect for women and the many roles they serve that are vital to the fabric of our society and our economy.
I feel sure that my friend @RandPaul will come along with the new and great health care program because he knows Obamacare is a disaster!
Don't let the FAKE NEWS tell you that there is big infighting in the Trump Admin. We are getting along great, and getting major things done!
I am working on a new system where there will be competition in the Drug Industry. Pricing for the American people will come way down!
Don't worry, getting rid of state lines, which will promote competition, will be in phase 2 &amp; 3 of healthcare rollout. @foxandfriends
For eight years Russia "ran over" President Obama, got stronger and stronger, picked-off Crimea and added missiles. Weak! @foxandfriends
Our wonderful new Healthcare Bill is now out for review and negotiation. ObamaCare is a complete and total disaster - is imploding fast!
122 vicious prisoners, released by the Obama Administration from Gitmo, have returned to the battlefield. Just another terrible decision!
Thank you to @exxonmobil for your $20 billion investment that is creating more than 45,000 manufacturing &amp; construction jobs in the USA!
Buy American &amp; hire American are the principles at the core of my agenda, which is: JOBS, JOBS, JOBS! Thank you @exxonmobil.
There is an incredible spirit of optimism sweeping the country right now—we're bringing back the JOBS! https://t.co/BNSLvKiEVj
45,000 construction &amp; manufacturing jobs in the U.S. Gulf Coast region. $20 billion investment. We are already winning again, America!
Buy American &amp; hire American are the principals at the core of my agenda, which is: JOBS, JOBS, JOBS! Thank you @exxonmobil.
'President Trump Congratulates Exxon Mobil for Job-Creating Investment Program'https://t.co/adBzWhtq8S
Thank you for the great rallies all across the country. Tremendous support. Make America Great Again!
Who was it that secretly said to Russian President, "Tell Vladimir that after the election I'll have more flexibility?" @foxandfriends
Is it true the DNC would not allow the FBI access to check server or other equipment after learning it was hacked? Can that be possible?
Arnold Schwarzenegger isn't voluntarily leaving the Apprentice, he was fired by his bad (pathetic) ratings, not by me. Sad end to great show
How low has President Obama gone to tapp my phones during the very sacred election process. This is Nixon/Watergate. Bad (or sick) guy!
I'd bet a good lawyer could make a great case out of the fact that President Obama was tapping my phones in October, just prior to Election!
Is it legal for a sitting President to be "wire tapping" a race for president prior to an election? Turned down by court earlier. A NEW LOW!
Just out: The same Russian Ambassador that met Jeff Sessions visited the Obama White House 22 times, and 4 times last year alone.
Terrible! Just found out that Obama had my "wires tapped" in Trump Tower just before the victory. Nothing found. This is McCarthyism!
The first meeting Jeff Sessions had with the Russian Amb was set up by the Obama Administration under education program for 100 Ambs......
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! https://t.co/kuQiZDz4rA
I hereby demand a second investigation, after Schumer, of Pelosi for her close ties to Russia, and lying about it. https://t.co/qCDljfF3wN
I hearby demand a second investigation, after Schumer, of Pelosi for her close ties to Russia, and lying about it. https://t.co/qCDljfF3wN
We must fix our education system for our kids to Make America Great Again. Wonderful day at Saint Andrew in Orlando. https://t.co/OTJaHcvLzf
I hear by demand a second investigation, after Schumer, of Pelosi for her close ties to Russia, and lying about it. https://t.co/qCDljfF3wN
We should start an immediate investigation into @SenSchumer and his ties to Russia and Putin. A total hypocrite! https://t.co/Ik3yqjHzsA
Weekly AddressJoin me here: https://t.co/SEavQK5zy5 https://t.co/EnyXYeqgcp
It is so pathetic that the Dems have still not approved my full Cabinet.
Nick Adams new book, Green Card Warrior, is a must read. The merit-based system is the way to go. Canada, Australia! @foxandfriends
...is all of the illegal leaks of classified and other information. It is a total "witch hunt!"
...to win. The Democrats are overplaying their hand. They lost the election, and now they have lost their grip on reality. The real story...
...intentional. This whole narrative is a way of saving face for Democrats losing an election that everyone thought they were supposed.....
Jeff Sessions is an honest man. He did not say anything wrong. He could have stated his response more accurately, but it was clearly not....
Since November 8th, Election Day, the Stock Market has posted $3.2 trillion in GAINS and consumer confidence is at a 15 year high. Jobs!
THANK YOU!
#JointSession #MAGA????https://t.co/RDO6Jt2pip
Join me live at 9:00 P.M. #JointAddress https://t.co/J882zbyVkJ https://t.co/gTtK3vJmkU
I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 6:00 A.M. Enjoy!
GOP now viewed more favorably than Dems, in Trump era (per NBC/WSJ poll) via @HotlineJosh:https://t.co/Soebxtg2Zd
Great meeting with CEOs of leading U.S. health insurance companies who provide great healthcare to the American peo… https://t.co/60jigi6ffS
Big dinner with Governors tonight at White House. Much to be discussed, including healthcare.
Russia talk is FAKE NEWS put out by the Dems, and played up by the media, in order to mask the big election defeat and the illegal leaks!
For first time the failing @nytimes will take an ad (a bad one) to help save its failing reputation. Try reporting accurately &amp; fairly!
The race for DNC Chairman was, of course, totally "rigged." Bernie's guy, like Bernie himself, never had a chance. Clinton demanded Perez!
Congratulations to Thomas Perez, who has just been named Chairman of the DNC. I could not be happier for him, or for the Republican Party!
I will not be attending the White House Correspondents' Association Dinner this year. Please wish everyone well and have a great evening!
Weekly Address from @WhiteHouse: https://t.co/uaoQSHBOQB https://t.co/7eF6aC6kEC
Great optimism for future of U.S. business, AND JOBS, with the DOW having an 11th straight record close. Big tax &amp; regulation cuts coming!
The media has not reported that the National Debt in my first month went down by $12 billion vs a $200 billion increase in Obama first mo.
Maybe the millions of people who voted to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN should have their own rally. It would be the biggest of them all!
FAKE NEWS media knowingly doesn't tell the truth. A great danger to our country. The failing @nytimes has become a joke. Likewise @CNN. Sad!
Trump vows to fight 'epidemic' of human trafficking https://t.co/oDLZ2NdrtA
Going to CPAC!
find the leakers within the FBI itself. Classified information is being given to media that could have a devastating effect on U.S. FIND NOW
The FBI is totally unable to stop the national security "leakers" that have permeated our government for a long time. They can't even......
Big interview tonight by Henry Kravis at The Business Council of Washington. Looking forward to it!
Seven people shot and killed yesterday in Chicago. What is going on there - totally out of control. Chicago needs help!
'S&amp;P 500 Edges Higher After Trump Renews Jobs Pledge' https://t.co/WtrRJVFmvU
Very much enjoyed my tour of the Smithsonian's National Museum of African American History and Culture...A great job done by amazing people!
One thing I will say about Rep. Keith Ellison, in his fight to lead the DNC, is that he was the one who predicted early that I would win!
The so-called angry crowds in home districts of some Republicans are actually, in numerous cases, planned out by liberal activists. Sad!
'Americans overwhelmingly oppose sanctuary cities' https://t.co/s5QvsJWA6u
Congratulations to our new National Security Advisor, General H.R. McMaster. Video: https://t.co/BKn9r225Kk https://t.co/VBXcJ1b6Pv
Just named General H.R. McMaster National Security Advisor.
Meeting with Generals at Mar-a-Lago in Florida. Very interesting!
HAPPY PRESIDENTS DAY - MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Give the public a break - The FAKE NEWS media is trying to say that large scale immigration in Sweden is working out just beautifully. NOT!
My statement as to what's happening in Sweden was in reference to a story that was broadcast on @FoxNews concerning immigrants &amp; Sweden.
Getting ready to leave for Melbourne, Florida. See you all soon!
Will be having many meetings this weekend at The Southern White House. Big 5:00 P.M. speech in Melbourne, Florida. A lot to talk about!
Don't believe the main stream (fake news) media.The White House is running VERY WELL. I inherited a MESS and am in the process of fixing it.
Looking forward to the Florida rally tomorrow. Big crowd expected!
"One of the most effective press conferences I've ever seen!" says Rush Limbaugh. Many agree.Yet FAKE MEDIA  calls it differently! Dishonest
The FAKE NEWS media (failing @nytimes, @NBCNews, @ABC, @CBS, @CNN) is not my enemy, it is the enemy of the American People!
The FAKE NEWS media (failing @nytimes, @CNN, @NBCNews and many more)    is not my enemy, it is the enemy of the American people. SICK!
Join me at 11:00am:Watch here: https://t.co/veqKmsGAwf https://t.co/UzndIjIqjM
General Keith Kellogg, who I have known for a long time, is very much in play for NSA - as are three others.
Thank you for all of the nice statements on the Press Conference yesterday. Rush Limbaugh said one of greatest ever. Fake media not happy!
Going to Charleston, South Carolina, in order to spend time with Boeing and talk jobs! Look forward to it.
Despite the long delays by the Democrats in finally approving Dr. Tom Price, the repeal and replacement of ObamaCare is moving fast!
'Trump signs bill undoing Obama coal mining rule' https://t.co/yMfT5r5RGh
The Democrats had to come up with a story as to why they lost the election, and so badly (306), so they made up a story - RUSSIA. Fake news!
FAKE NEWS media, which makes up stories and "sources," is far more effective than the discredited Democrats - but they are fading fast!
The spotlight has finally been put on the low-life leakers! They will be caught!
Leaking, and even illegal classified leaking, has been a big problem in Washington for years. Failing @nytimes (and others) must apologize!
Stock market hits new high with longest winning streak in decades. Great level of confidence and optimism - even before tax plan rollout!
Venezuela should allow Leopoldo Lopez, a political prisoner &amp; husband of @liliantintori (just met w/ @marcorubio) o… https://t.co/HhgE51dtSN
Aetna CEO: Obamacare in 'Death Spiral' #RepealAndReplace https://t.co/dmHL7xIEQv
Join me in Florida this Saturday at 5pm for a rally at the Orlando-Melbourne International Airport!Tickets:… https://t.co/OigfXFECPp
Welcome to the United States, @IsraeliPM Benjamin &amp; Sara!#ICYMI????????Joint Press Conference: https://t.co/GN6ALWUusN https://t.co/bH60nBL5FP
Great listening session with CEO's of the Retail Industry Leaders Association this morning! https://t.co/sy6xJcWfcF
The real scandal here is that classified information is illegally given out by "intelligence" like candy. Very un-American!
Crimea was TAKEN by Russia during the Obama Administration. Was Obama too soft on Russia?
Thank you to Eli Lake of The Bloomberg View - "The NSA &amp; FBI...should not interfere in our politics...and is" Very serious situation for USA
Information is being illegally given to the failing @nytimes &amp; @washingtonpost by the intelligence community (NSA and FBI?).Just like Russia
This Russian connection non-sense is merely an attempt to cover-up the many mistakes made in Hillary Clinton's losing campaign.
The fake news media is going crazy with their conspiracy theories and blind hatred. @MSNBC &amp; @CNN are unwatchable. @foxandfriends is great!
Obamacare continues to fail. Humana to pull out in 2018. Will repeal, replace &amp; save healthcare for ALL Americans. https://t.co/glWEQ0lNR4
'Remarks by President Trump at Signing of H.J. Resolution 41'https://t.co/Q3MoCGAc54 https://t.co/yGDDTKm9Br
Great parent-teacher listening session this morning with @VP Pence &amp; @usedgov Secretary @BetsyDeVos. Watch:… https://t.co/nuLTs513Ot
The real story here is why are there so many illegal leaks coming out of Washington? Will these leaks be happening as I deal on N.Korea etc?
Congratulations to our new #VASecretary Dr. David Shulkin. Time to take care of Veterans who have fought to protect… https://t.co/FNewjbHuw4
Congratulations Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin! #ICYMI- watch here: https://t.co/RPsmw4yD7y https://t.co/K8tWLlXiYK
Wonderful meeting with Canadian PM @JustinTrudeau and a group of leading CEO's &amp; business women from Canada????and th… https://t.co/wAoCOaYeZ6
Welcome to the @WhiteHouse Prime Minister @JustinTrudeau! https://t.co/WKgF8Zo9ri
Today I will meet with Canadian PM Trudeau and a group of leading business women to discuss women in the workforce. https://t.co/bFAHPRXHdP
Just leaving Florida. Big crowds of enthusiastic supporters lining the road that the FAKE NEWS media refuses to mention. Very dishonest!
Congratulations Stephen Miller- on representing me this morning on the various Sunday morning shows. Great job!
I know Mark Cuban well. He backed me big-time but I wasn't interested in taking all of his calls.He's not smart enough to run for president!
After two days of very productive talks, Prime Minister Abe is heading back to Japan. L
While on FAKE NEWS @CNN, Bernie Sanders was cut off for using the term fake news to describe the network. They said technical difficulties!
72% of refugees admitted into U.S. (2/3 -2/11) during COURT BREAKDOWN are from 7 countries: SYRIA, IRAQ, SOMALIA, IRAN, SUDAN, LIBYA &amp; YEMEN
The crackdown on illegal criminals is merely the keeping of my campaign promise. Gang members, drug dealers &amp; others are being removed!
#ICYMI: Joint Statement with Prime Minister Shinzo Abe on North Korea. https://t.co/qEC87FKB1D
A working dinner tonight with Prime Minister Abe of Japan, and his representatives, at the Winter White House (Mar-a-Lago). Very good talks!
Played golf today with Prime Minister Abe of Japan and @TheBig_Easy, Ernie Els, and had a great time. Japan is very well represented!
Playef golf today with Prime Minister Abe of Japan and @TheBig_Easy, Ernie Els, and had a great time. Japan is very well represented!
I am so proud of my daughter Ivanka. To be abused and treated so badly by the media, and to still hold her head so high, is truly wonderful!
Having a great time hosting Prime Minister Shinzo Abe in the United States! https://t.co/Fvjsac89qS… https://t.co/hKqbMB2aQ9
Melania and I are hosting Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe and Mrs. Abe at Mar-a-Lago in Palm Beach, Fla. They are a wonderful couple!
...design or negotiations yet. When I do, just like with the F-35 FighterJet or the Air Force One Program, price will come WAY DOWN!
I am reading that the great border WALL will cost more than the government originally thought, but I have not gotten involved in the.....
Our legal system is broken! "77% of refugees allowed into U.S. since travel reprieve hail from seven suspect countries." (WT)  SO DANGEROUS!
Heading to Joint Base Andrews on #MarineOne with Prime Minister Shinzo earlier today. https://t.co/4JFhyYdeHO
The failing @nytimes does major FAKE NEWS China story saying "Mr.Xi has not spoken to Mr. Trump since Nov.14." We spoke at length yesterday!
LAWFARE: "Remarkably, in the entire opinion, the panel did not bother even to cite this (the) statute." A disgraceful decision!
SEE YOU IN COURT, THE SECURITY OF OUR NATION IS AT STAKE!
Join us live in the Oval Office for the swearing in of our new Attorney General, @SenatorSessions!LIVE:… https://t.co/QeW6vjog4A
..Ryan died on a winning mission ( according to General Mattis), not a "failure." Time for the U.S. to get smart and start winning again!
...long he doesn't know how to win anymore, just look at the mess our country is in - bogged down in conflict all over the place. Our hero..
Sen. McCain should not be talking about the success or failure of a mission to the media. Only emboldens the enemy! He's been losing so....
Chris Cuomo, in his interview with Sen. Blumenthal, never asked him about his long-term lie about his brave "service" in Vietnam. FAKE NEWS!
Sen.Richard Blumenthal, who never fought in Vietnam when he said for years he had (major lie),now misrepresents what Judge Gorsuch told him?
Congratulations to our new Attorney General, @SenatorSessions! https://t.co/e0buP1K83z
'Trump administration seen as more truthful than news media'https://t.co/6LmsR5JOSW
'Majority in Leading EU Nations Support Trump-Style Travel Ban' Poll of more than 10,000 people in 10 countries...https://t.co/KWsIWhtC9o
'Immigration Ban Is One Of Trump's Most Popular Orders So Far' https://t.co/wAelwuQ4BE
Thank you Brian Krzanich, CEO of @Intel. A great investment ($7 BILLION) in American INNOVATION and JOBS!… https://t.co/oicfDsPKHQ
Big increase in traffic into our country from certain areas, while our people are far more vulnerable, as we wait for what should be EASY D!
'16 Fake News Stories Reporters Have Run Since Trump Won' https://t.co/0dHld5kiVc
My daughter Ivanka has been treated so unfairly by @Nordstrom. She is a great person -- always pushing me to do the right thing! Terrible!
Thank you to our great Police Chiefs &amp; Sheriffs for your leadership &amp; service. You have a true friend in the… https://t.co/Lysnv8ZR1h
I will be speaking at 9:00 A.M. today to Police Chiefs and Sheriffs and will be discussing the horrible, dangerous and wrong decision.......
If the U.S. does not win this case as it so obviously should, we can never have the security and safety to which we are entitled. Politics!
It is a disgrace that my full Cabinet is still not in place, the longest such delay in the history of our country. Obstruction by Democrats!
An honor having the National Sheriffs' Assoc. join me at the @WhiteHouse. Incredible men &amp; women who protect &amp; serv… https://t.co/1LkhbCNh8L
I don't know Putin, have no deals in Russia, and the haters are going crazy - yet Obama can make a deal with Iran, #1 in terror, no problem!
I don't know Putin, have no deals in Russia, and the haters are going crazy - yet Obama can make a deal with Iran, #1in terror, no problem!
The threat from radical Islamic terrorism is very real, just look at what is happening in Europe and the Middle-East. Courts must act fast!
The failing @nytimes was forced to apologize to its subscribers for the poor reporting it did on my election win. Now they are worse!
An extended interview from the Super Bowl with @oreillyfactor airs tonight at 8:00 P.M. Enjoy! https://t.co/kZdHqaNTVR
The failing @nytimes writes total fiction concerning me. They have gotten it wrong for two years, and now are making up stories &amp; sources!
Will be interviewed on @oreillyfactor tonight at 8:00 P.M.
I call my own shots, largely based on an accumulation of data, and everyone knows it. Some FAKE NEWS media, in order to marginalize, lies!
Any negative polls are fake news, just like the CNN, ABC, NBC polls in the election. Sorry, people want border security and extreme vetting.
What an amazing comeback and win by the Patriots. Tom Brady, Bob Kraft and Coach B are total winners. Wow!
Enjoy the #SuperBowl and then we continue: MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I will be interviewed by @oreillyfactor at 4:00 P.M. (prior to the #SuperBowl Pre-game Show) on Fox Network. Enjoy!
I have instructed Homeland Security to check people coming into our country VERY CAREFULLY. The courts are making the job very difficult!
Just cannot  believe a judge would put our country in such peril. If something happens blame him and court system. People pouring in. Bad!
The judge opens up our country to potential terrorists and others that do not have our best interests at heart. Bad people are very happy!
Interview with @oreillyfactor on Fox Network - 4:00 P.M. (prior to Super Bowl). Enjoy!
Why aren't the lawyers looking at and using the Federal Court decision in Boston, which is at conflict with ridiculous lift ban decision?
Because the ban was lifted by a judge, many very bad and dangerous people may be pouring into our country. A terrible decision
What is our country coming to when a judge can halt a Homeland Security travel ban and anyone, even with bad intentions, can come into U.S.?
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
After being forced to apologize for its bad and inaccurate coverage of me after winning the election, the FAKE NEWS @nytimes is still lost!
The opinion of this so-called judge, which essentially takes law-enforcement away from our country, is ridiculous and will be overturned!
Interesting that certain Middle-Eastern countries agree with the ban. They know if certain people are allowed in it's death &amp; destruction!
When a country is no longer able to say who can, and who cannot , come in &amp; out, especially for reasons of safety &amp;.security - big trouble!
Countries charge U.S. companies taxes or tariffs while the U.S. charges them nothing or little.We should charge them SAME as they charge us!
We must keep "evil" out of our country!
A new radical Islamic terrorist has just attacked in Louvre Museum in Paris. Tourists were locked down. France on edge again. GET SMART U.S.
Professional anarchists, thugs and paid protesters are proving the point of the millions of people who voted to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Meeting with biggest business leaders this morning. Good jobs are coming back to U.S., health care and tax bills are being crafted NOW!
Thank you to Prime Minister of Australia for telling the truth about our very civil conversation that FAKE NEWS media lied about. Very nice!
Iran is playing with fire - they don't appreciate how "kind" President Obama was to them. Not me!
Yes, Arnold Schwarzenegger did a really bad job as Governor of California and even worse on the Apprentice...but at least he tried hard!
Thank you, @Samsung! We would love to have you! https://t.co/r5nxC9oOA4
Iran was on its last legs and ready to collapse until the U.S. came along and gave it a life-line in the form of the Iran Deal: $150 billion
Iran has been formally PUT ON NOTICE for firing a ballistic missile.Should have been thankful for the terrible deal the U.S. made with them!
Attending Chief Ryan Owens' Dignified Transfer yesterday with my daughter Ivanka was my great honor. To a great and brave man - thank you!
Congratulations to Rex Tillerson on being sworn in as our new Secretary of State. He will be a star!
If U.C. Berkeley does not allow free speech and practices violence on innocent people with a different point of view - NO FEDERAL FUNDS?
Do you believe it? The Obama Administration agreed to take thousands of illegal immigrants from Australia. Why? I will study this dumb deal!
Iran is rapidly taking over more and more of Iraq even after the U.S. has squandered three trillion dollars there. Obvious long ago!
Everybody is arguing whether or not it is a BAN. Call it what you want, it is about keeping bad people (with bad intentions) out of country!
Hope you like my nomination of Judge Neil Gorsuch for the United States Supreme Court. He is a good and brilliant man, respected by all.
Join me live from the @WhiteHouse.https://t.co/LHOs4nAaGl
Getting ready to deliver a VERY IMPORTANT DECISION!  8:00 P.M.
When will the Democrats give us our Attorney General and rest of Cabinet! They should be ashamed of themselves! No wonder D.C. doesn't work!
Nancy Pelosi and Fake Tears Chuck Schumer held a rally  at the steps of The Supreme Court and mic did not work (a mess)-just like Dem party!
The Democrats are delaying my cabinet picks for purely political reasons. They have nothing going but to obstruct. Now have an Obama A.G.
The American dream is back. We’re going to create an environment for small business like we haven’t had in many, ma… https://t.co/Bh7SrNEgz1
Where was all the outrage from Democrats and the opposition party (the media) when our jobs were fleeing our country?
I have made my decision on who I will nominate for The United States Supreme Court. It will be announced live on Tuesday at 8:00 P.M. (W.H.)
If the ban were announced with a one week notice, the "bad" would rush into our country during that week. A lot of bad "dudes" out there!
There is nothing nice about searching for terrorists before they can enter our country. This was a big part of my campaign. Study the world!
protesters and the tears of Senator Schumer. Secretary Kelly said that all is going well with very few problems. MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN!
Only 109 people out of 325,000 were detained and held for questioning. Big problems at airports were caused by Delta computer outage,.....
I will be interviewed by @TheBrodyFile on @CBNNews tonight at 11pm. Enjoy!
Statement Regarding Recent Executive Order Concerning Extreme Vetting: https://t.co/f6JO60I0Ul
...Senators should focus their energies on ISIS, illegal immigration and border security instead of always looking to start World War III.
The joint statement of former presidential candidates John McCain &amp; Lindsey Graham is wrong - they are sadly weak on immigration. The two...
Christians in the Middle-East have been executed in large numbers. We cannot allow this horror to continue!
Our country needs strong borders and extreme vetting, NOW. Look what is happening all over Europe and, indeed, the world - a horrible mess!
Somebody with aptitude and conviction should buy the FAKE NEWS and failing @nytimes and either run it correctly or let it fold with dignity!
I will be interviewed by @TheBrodyFile on @CBNNews tonight at 11pm. Enjoy!
Today, we remember the crew of the Space Shuttle Challenger, 31 years later. #NeverForget https://t.co/OhshQsFRfl
...dwindling subscribers and readers.They got me wrong right from the beginning and still have not changed course, and never will. DISHONEST
Thr coverage about me in the @nytimes and the @washingtonpost gas been so false and angry that the times actually apologized to its.....
The failing @nytimes has been wrong about me from the very beginning. Said I would lose the primaries, then the general election. FAKE NEWS!
I promise that our administration will ALWAYS have your back. We will ALWAYS be with you! https://t.co/D0aOWhOH4X
Congratulations Secretary Mattis! https://t.co/mkuhbegzqS
Statement on International Holocaust Remembrance Day: https://t.co/KjU0MOxCHk
.@VP Mike Pence will be speaking at today's #MarchForLife -- You have our full support! https://t.co/1jb53SEGV4
The #MarchForLife is so important. To all of you marching --- you have my full support!
Mexico has taken advantage of the U.S. for long enough. Massive trade deficits &amp; little help on the very weak border must change, NOW!
Look forward to seeing final results of VoteStand. Gregg Phillips and crew say at least 3,000,000 votes were illegal. We must do better!
Miami-Dade Mayor drops sanctuary policy. Right decision. Strong! https://t.co/MtPvaDC4jM
Will be interviewed by @SeanHannity on @FoxNews at 10:00pm tonight. Enjoy!
Spoke at the Congressional @GOP Retreat in Philadelphia, PA. this afternoon w/ @VP, @SenateMajLdr, @SpeakerRyan. Th… https://t.co/ALSADGrwoe
Spoke at the Congressional @GOP Retreat in Philadelphia, PA. this afternoon w/ @VP, @SenMajLeader, @SpeakerRyan. Th… https://t.co/s4sTbSyBSR
of jobs and companies lost. If Mexico is unwilling to pay for the badly needed wall, then it would be better to cancel the upcoming meeting.
The U.S. has a 60 billion dollar trade deficit with Mexico. It has been a one-sided deal from the beginning of NAFTA with massive numbers...
Ungrateful TRAITOR Chelsea Manning, who should never have been released from prison, is now calling President Obama a weak leader. Terrible!
Interview with David Muir of @ABC News in 10 minutes. Enjoy!
As your President, I have no higher duty than to protect the lives of the American people. https://t.co/o7YNUNwb8f
Beginning today, the United States of America gets back control of its borders. Full speech from today @DHSgov:… https://t.co/8aDaHsAhg9
I will be interviewed by @DavidMuir tonight at 10 o'clock on @ABC. Will be my first interview from the White House.… https://t.co/4zuOrRdcoc
I will be making my Supreme Court pick on Thursday of next week.Thank you!
even, those registered to vote who are dead (and many for a long time). Depending on results, we will strengthen up voting procedures!
I will be asking for a major investigation into VOTER FRAUD, including those registered to vote in two states, those who are illegal and....
Big day planned on NATIONAL SECURITY tomorrow. Among many other things, we will build the wall!
If Chicago doesn't fix the horrible "carnage" going on, 228 shootings in 2017 with 42 killings (up 24% from 2016), I will send in the Feds!
Congratulations to @FoxNews for being number one in inauguration ratings. They were many times higher than FAKE NEWS @CNN - public is smart!
Great meeting with Ford CEO Mark Fields and General Motors CEO Mary Barra at the @WhiteHouse today. https://t.co/T0eIgO6LP8
Signing orders to move forward with the construction of the Keystone XL and Dakota Access pipelines in the Oval Off… https://t.co/aOxmfO0vOK
Great meeting with automobile industry leaders at the @WhiteHouse this morning. Together, we will #MAGA! https://t.co/OXdiLOkGsZ
A photo delivered yesterday that will be displayed in the upper/lower press hall. Thank you Abbas! https://t.co/Uzp0ivvRp0
Will be meeting at 9:00 with top automobile executives concerning jobs in America. I want new plants to be built here for cars sold here!
Busy week planned with a heavy focus on jobs and national security. Top executives coming in at 9:00 A.M. to talk manufacturing in America.
Peaceful protests are a hallmark of our democracy. Even if I don't always agree, I recognize the rights of people to express their views.
Wow, television ratings just out: 31 million people watched the Inauguration, 11 million more than the very good ratings from 4 years ago!
Watched protests yesterday but was under the impression that we just had an election! Why didn't these people vote? Celebs hurt cause badly.
Had a great meeting at CIA Headquarters yesterday, packed house, paid great respect to Wall, long standing ovations, amazing people. WIN!
A fantastic day and evening in Washington D.C.Thank you to @FoxNews and so many other news outlets for the GREAT reviews of the speech!
THANK YOU for another wonderful evening in Washington, D.C. TOGETHER, we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN???? https://t.co/V3aoj9RUh4
TO ALL AMERICANS????https://t.co/D7Es6ie4fY
So to all Americans, in every city near and far, small and large, from mountain to mountain...https://t.co/cZKkrGXLSi
It is time to remember that...https://t.co/ZKyOiOor62
We will follow two simple rules: BUY AMERICAN &amp; HIRE AMERICAN!#InaugurationDay #MAGA????
We will bring back our jobs. We will bring back our borders. We will bring back our wealth - and we will bring back our dreams!
The forgotten men and women of our country will be forgotten no longer. From this moment on, it’s going to be #AmericaFirst????
January 20th 2017, will be remembered as the day the people became the rulers of this nation again.
What truly matters is not which party controls our government, but whether our government is controlled by the people.
power from Washington, D.C. and giving it back to you, the American People. #InaugurationDay
Today we are not merely transferring power from one Administration to another, or from one party to another – but we are transferring...
It all begins today! I will see you at 11:00 A.M. for the swearing-in. THE MOVEMENT CONTINUES - THE WORK BEGINS!
Thank you for a wonderful evening in Washington, D.C. #Inauguration https://t.co/a6xpFQTHj5
Thank you for joining us at the Lincoln Memorial tonight- a very special evening! Together, we are going to MAKE AM… https://t.co/OSxa3BamHs
Join me at 4pm over at the Lincoln Memorial with my family!#Inauguration2017 https://t.co/GQeQpJOgWz
Great Concert at 4:00 P.M. today at Lincoln Memorial. Enjoy!
On my way! #Inauguration2017 https://t.co/hOuMbxGnpe
the American people. I have no doubt that we will, together, MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Getting ready to leave for Washington, D.C. The journey begins and I will be working and fighting very hard to make it a great journey for..
"It wasn't Donald Trump that divided this country, this country has been divided for a long time!" Stated today by Reverend Franklin Graham.
Thank you to our amazing Wounded Warriors for their service. It was an honor to be with them tonight in D.C.… https://t.co/Qj5cpfaykD
Great seeing @TheLeeGreenwood  and Kimberly at this evenings VP dinner! #GodBlessTheUSA https://t.co/SxVmaWvOFT
Looking forward to a speedy recovery for George and Barbara Bush, both hospitalized. Thank you for your wonderful letter!
Writing my inaugural address at the Winter White House, Mar-a-Lago, three weeks ago. Looking forward to Friday.… https://t.co/J0ojOXjrga
.@TheAlabamaBand was great last night in D.C. playing for 147 Diplomats and Ambassadors from countries around the world. Thanks Alabama!
No wonder the Today Show on biased @NBC is doing so badly compared to its glorious past. Little credibility!
"Bayer AG has pledged to add U.S. jobs and investments after meeting with President-elect Donald Trump, the latest in a string..." @WSJ
to the U.S., but had nothing to do with TRUMP, is more FAKE NEWS. Ask top CEO's of those companies for real facts. Came back because of me!
Totally biased @NBCNews went out of its way to say that the big announcement from Ford, G.M., Lockheed &amp; others that jobs are coming back...
Will be interviewed by @ainsleyearhardt on @foxandfriends - Enjoy!
Thank you to General Motors and Walmart for starting the big jobs push back into the U.S.!
"How Trump Won--And How The Media Missed It" https://t.co/Hfab41h65X
"thought it would be hypocritical to attend Bush's swearing-in....he doesn't believe Bush is the true elected president." Sound familiar! WP
John Lewis said about my inauguration, "It will be the first one that I've missed." WRONG (or lie)! He boycotted Bush 43 also because he...
country and with the massive cost reductions I have negotiated on military purchases and more, I believe the people are seeing "big stuff."
With all of the jobs I am bringing back into the U.S. (even before taking office), with all of the new auto plants coming back into our.....
The same people who did the phony election polls, and were so wrong, are now doing approval rating polls. They are rigged just like before.
People are pouring into Washington in record numbers. Bikers for Trump are on their way. It will be a great Thursday, Friday and Saturday!
At 9:00 P.M. @CNN, of all places, is doing a Special Report on my daughter, Ivanka. Considering it is CNN, can't imagine it will be great!
Celebrate Martin Luther King Day and all of the many wonderful things that he stood for. Honor him for being the great man that he was!
much worse - just look at Syria (red line), Crimea, Ukraine and the build-up of Russian nukes. Not good! Was this the leaker of Fake News?
.@FoxNews "Outgoing CIA Chief, John Brennan, blasts Pres-Elect Trump on Russia threat. Does not fully understand." Oh really, couldn't do...
.@NBCNews is bad but Saturday Night Live is the worst of NBC. Not funny, cast is terrible, always a complete hit job. Really bad television!
about that...Those Intelligence chiefs made a mistake here, &amp; when people make mistakes, they should APOLOGIZE." Media should also apologize
Thank you to Bob Woodward who said, "That is a garbage document...it never should have been presented...Trump's right to be upset (angry)...
For many years our country has been divided, angry and untrusting. Many say it will never change, the hatred is too deep. IT WILL CHANGE!!!!
will only get higher. Car companies and others, if they want to do business in our country, have to start making things here again. WIN!
The Democrats are most angry that so many Obama Democrats voted for me. With all of the jobs I am bringing back to our Nation, that number..
Inauguration Day is turning out to be even bigger than expected. January 20th, Washington D.C. Have fun!
Congressman John Lewis should finally focus on the burning and crime infested inner-cities of the U.S. I can use all the help I can get!
INTELLIGENCE INSIDERS NOW CLAIM THE TRUMP DOSSIER IS "A COMPLETE FRAUD!"  @OANN
mention crime infested) rather than falsely complaining about the election results. All talk, talk, talk - no action or results. Sad!
Congressman John Lewis should spend more time on fixing and helping his district, which is in horrible shape and falling apart (not to......
A beautiful funeral today for a real NYC hero, Detective Steven McDonald. Our law enforcement community has my complete and total support.
The "Unaffordable" Care Act will soon be history!
have been allowed to run - guilty as hell. They were VERY nice to her. She lost because she campaigned in the wrong states - no enthusiasm!
What are Hillary Clinton's people complaining about with respect to the F.B.I. Based on the information they had she should never.....
released by "Intelligence" even knowing there is no proof, and never will be. My people will have a full report on hacking within 90 days!
Totally made up facts by sleazebag political operatives, both Democrats and Republicans - FAKE NEWS! Russia says nothing exists. Probably...
It now turns out that the phony allegations against me were put together by my political opponents and a failed spy afraid of being sued....
All of my Cabinet nominee are looking good and doing a great job. I want them to be themselves and express their own thoughts, not mine!
Congrats to the Senate for taking the first step to #RepealObamacare- now it's onto the House!
.@CNN is in a total meltdown with their FAKE NEWS because their ratings are tanking since election and their credibility will soon be gone!
Thank you to Linda Bean of L.L.Bean for your great support and courage. People will support you even more now. Buy L.L.Bean. @LBPerfectMaine
James Clapper called me yesterday to denounce the false and fictitious report that was illegally circulated. Made up, phony facts.Too bad!
We had a great News Conference at Trump Tower today. A couple of FAKE NEWS organizations were there but the people truly get what's going on
Intelligence agencies should never have allowed this fake news to "leak" into the public. One last shot at me.Are we living in Nazi Germany?
I win an election easily, a great "movement" is verified, and crooked opponents try to belittle our victory with FAKE NEWS. A sorry state!
Russia has never tried to use leverage over me. I HAVE NOTHING TO DO WITH RUSSIA - NO DEALS, NO LOANS, NO NOTHING!
Russia just said the unverified report paid for by political opponents is "A COMPLETE AND TOTAL FABRICATION, UTTER NONSENSE." Very unfair!
'BuzzFeed Runs Unverifiable Trump-Russia Claims' #FakeNews https://t.co/d6daCFZHNh
FAKE NEWS - A TOTAL POLITICAL WITCH HUNT!
'Trump Helps Lift Small Business Confidence to 12-Yr. High'https://t.co/MhbABREhzt https://t.co/CWAvJ4fRdx
'Small business optimism soars after Trump election' https://t.co/WjBaTp824U
'U.S. Small-Business Optimism Index Surges by Most Since 1980'https://t.co/X22x1BttdG
Thank you to all of the men and women who protect &amp; serve our communities 24/7/365! #LawEnforcementAppreciationDay… https://t.co/aqUbDipSgv
An old picture with Nancy and Ronald Reagan. https://t.co/8kvQ1PzPAf
Ford said last week that it will expand in Michigan and U.S. instead of building a BILLION dollar plant in Mexico. Thank you Ford &amp; Fiat C!
It's finally happening - Fiat Chrysler just announced plans to invest $1BILLION in Michigan and Ohio plants, adding 2000 jobs. This after...
"groveling" when he totally changed a 16 year old story that he had written in order to make me look bad. Just more very dishonest media!
Hillary flunky who lost big. For the 100th time, I never "mocked" a disabled reporter (would never do that) but simply showed him.......
Meryl Streep, one of the most over-rated actresses in Hollywood, doesn't know me but attacked last night at the Golden Globes. She is a.....
Rupert Murdoch is a great guy who likes me much better as a very successful candidate than he ever did as a very successful developer!
Dishonest media says Mexico won't be paying for the wall if they pay a little later so the wall can be built more quickly. Media is fake!
Before I, or anyone, saw the classified and/or highly confidential hacking intelligence report, it was leaked out to @NBCNews. So serious!
Kellyanne Conway went to @MeetThePress this morning for an interview with @chucktodd. Dishonest media cut out 9 of her 10 minutes. Terrible!
I look very much forward to meeting Prime Minister Theresa May in Washington in the Spring. Britain, a longtime U.S. ally, is very special!
Congratulation to Jane Timken on her major upset victory in becoming the Ohio Republican Party Chair. Jane is a loyal Trump supporter &amp; star
both countries will, perhaps, work together to solve some of the many great and pressing problems and issues of the WORLD!
have enough problems around the world without yet another one. When I am President, Russia will respect us far more than they do now and....
Having a good relationship with Russia is a good thing, not a bad thing. Only "stupid" people, or fools, would think that it is bad! We.....
Only reason the hacking of the poorly defended DNC is discussed is that the loss by the Dems was so big that they are totally embarrassed!
Intelligence stated very strongly there was absolutely no evidence that hacking affected the election results. Voting machines not touched!
Gross negligence by the Democratic National Committee allowed hacking to take place.The Republican National Committee had strong defense!
Happy Birthday @EricTrump!https://t.co/bJaEY7qFSn
Monitoring the terrible situation in Florida. Just spoke to Governor Scott. Thoughts and prayers for all. Stay safe!
I am asking the chairs of the House and Senate committees to investigate top secret intelligence shared with NBC prior to me seeing it.
Anna Wintour came to my office at Trump Tower to ask me to meet with the editors of Conde Nast &amp; Steven Newhouse, a friend. Will go this AM.
being a movie star-and that was season 1 compared to season 14. Now compare him to my season 1. But who cares, he supported Kasich &amp; Hillary
Wow, the ratings are in and Arnold Schwarzenegger got "swamped" (or destroyed) by comparison to the ratings machine, DJT. So much for....
Hopefully, all supporters, and those who want to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN, will go to D.C. on January 20th. It will be a GREAT SHOW!
and knew they were in big trouble - which is why they cancelled their big fireworks at the last minute.THEY SAW A MOVEMENT LIKE NEVER BEFORE
Hillary and the Dems were never going to beat the PASSION of my voters. They saw what was happening in the last two weeks before the......
The dishonest media does not report that any money spent on building the Great Wall (for sake of speed), will be paid back by Mexico later!
So how and why are they so sure about hacking if they never even requested an examination of the computer servers? What is going on?
The Democratic National Committee would not allow the FBI to study or see its computer info after it was supposedly hacked by Russia......
How did NBC get "an exclusive look into the top secret report he (Obama) was presented?" Who gave them this report and why? Politics!
Toyota Motor said will build a new plant in Baja, Mexico, to build Corolla cars for U.S. NO WAY! Build plant in U.S. or pay big border tax.
to make up their own minds as to the truth. The media lies to make it look like I am against "Intelligence" when in fact I am a big fan!
The dishonest media likes saying that I am in Agreement with Julian Assange - wrong. I simply state what he states, it is for the people....
...time for Republicans &amp; Democrats to get together and come up with a healthcare plan that really works - much less expensive &amp; FAR BETTER!
...do the typical political thing and BLAME. The fact is ObamaCare was a lie from the beginning."Keep you doctor, keep your plan!" It is....
The Democrats, lead by head clown Chuck Schumer, know how bad ObamaCare is and what a mess they are in. Instead of working to fix it, they..
Jackie Evancho's album sales have skyrocketed after announcing her Inauguration performance.Some people just don't understand the "Movement"
massive increases of ObamaCare will take place this year and Dems are to blame for the mess. It will fall of its own weight - be careful!
like the 116% hike in Arizona. Also, deductibles are so high that it is practically useless. Don't let the Schumer clowns out of this web...
Republicans must be careful in that the Dems own the failed ObamaCare disaster, with its poor coverage and massive premium increases......
things they did and said (like giving the questions to the debate to H). A total double standard! Media, as usual, gave them a pass.
Somebody hacked the DNC but why did they not have "hacking defense" like the RNC has and why have they not responded to the terrible......
Thank you to Ford for scrapping a new plant in Mexico and creating 700 new jobs in the U.S. This is just the beginning - much more to follow
Julian Assange said "a 14 year old could have hacked Podesta" - why was DNC so careless? Also said Russians did not give him the info!
The "Intelligence" briefing on so-called "Russian hacking" was delayed until Friday, perhaps more time needed to build a case. Very strange!
I will be having a general news conference on JANUARY ELEVENTH in N.Y.C. Thank you.
"Trump is already delivering the jobs he promised America" https://t.co/11spTMa6Tm
There should be no further releases from Gitmo. These are extremely dangerous people and should not be allowed back onto the battlefield.
Instead of driving jobs and wealth away, AMERICA will become the world's great magnet for INNOVATION &amp; JOB CREATION.https://t.co/siXrptsOrt
........may be, their number one act and priority. Focus on tax reform, healthcare and so many other things of far greater importance! #DTS
With all that Congress has to work on, do they really have to make the weakening of the Independent Ethics Watchdog, as unfair as it
The Democrat Governor.of Minnesota said "The Affordable Care Act (ObamaCare) is no longer affordable!" - And, it is lousy healthcare.
People must remember that ObamaCare just doesn't work, and it is not affordable - 116% increases (Arizona). Bill Clinton called it "CRAZY"
General Motors is sending Mexican made model of Chevy Cruze to U.S. car dealers-tax free across border. Make in U.S.A.or pay big border tax!
China has been taking out massive amounts of money &amp; wealth from the U.S. in totally one-sided trade, but won't help with North Korea. Nice!
North Korea just stated that it is in the final stages of developing a nuclear weapon capable of reaching parts of the U.S. It won't happen!
I thought and felt I would win big, easily over the fabled 270 (306). When they cancelled fireworks, they knew, and so did I.
Various media outlets and pundits say that I thought I was going to lose the election. Wrong, it all came together in the last week and.....
@CNN just released a book called "Unprecedented" which explores the 2016 race &amp; victory. Hope it does well but used worst cover photo of me!
Chicago murder rate is record setting - 4,331 shooting victims with 762 murders in 2016. If Mayor can't do it he must ask for Federal help!
Well, the New Year begins. We will, together, MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
TO ALL AMERICANS-#HappyNewYear &amp; many blessings to you all! Looking forward to a wonderful &amp; prosperous 2017 as we… https://t.co/1asdMAL4iy
Happy Birthday @DonaldJTrumpJr!https://t.co/uRxyCD3hBz
Happy New Year to all, including to my many enemies and those who have fought me and lost so badly they just don't know what to do. Love!
Russians are playing @CNN and @NBCNews for such fools - funny to watch, they don't have a clue! @FoxNews totally gets it!
Join @AmerIcan32, founded by Hall of Fame legend @JimBrownNFL32 on 1/19/2017 in Washington, D.C.… https://t.co/9WJZ8iTCQV
Great move on delay (by V. Putin) - I always knew he was very smart!
My Administration will follow two simple rules: https://t.co/ZWk0j4H8Qy
'Economists say Trump delivered hope' https://t.co/SjGBgglIuQ
not anymore. The beginning of the end was the horrible Iran deal, and now this (U.N.)! Stay strong Israel, January 20th is fast approaching!
We cannot continue to let Israel be treated with such total disdain and disrespect. They used to have a great friend in the U.S., but.......
Doing my best to disregard the many inflammatory President O statements and roadblocks.Thought it was going to be a smooth transition - NOT!
The U.S. Consumer Confidence Index for December surged nearly four points to 113.7, THE HIGHEST LEVEL IN MORE THAN 15 YEARS! Thanks Donald!
President Obama campaigned hard (and personally) in the very important swing states, and lost.The voters wanted to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
The DJT Foundation, unlike most foundations, never paid fees, rent, salaries or any expenses. 100% of money goes to wonderful charities!
I gave millions of dollars to DJT Foundation, raised or recieved millions more, ALL of which is given to charity, and media won't report!
The world was gloomy before I won - there was no hope. Now the market is up nearly 10% and Christmas spending is over a trillion dollars!
The United Nations has such great potential but right now it is just a club for people to get together, talk and have a good time. So sad!
President Obama said that he thinks he would have won against me. He should say that but I say NO WAY! - jobs leaving, ISIS, OCare, etc.
Merry Christmas and a very, very, very , very Happy New Year to everyone!
#MerryChristmas https://t.co/5GgDmJrGMS
.@FoxNews - "Objectified" tonight at 10:00 P.M. Enjoy!
Happy #Hanukkah https://t.co/UvZwtykV1E
The big loss yesterday for Israel in the United Nations will make it much harder to negotiate peace.Too bad, but we will get it done anyway!
.@NBCNews purposely left out this part of my nuclear qoute: "until such time as the world comes to its senses regarding nukes."  Dishonest!
Vladimir Putin said today about Hillary and Dems: "In my opinion, it is humiliating. One must be able to lose with dignity."  So true!
slaughter you. This is a purely religious threat, which turned into reality. Such hatred! When will the U.S., and all countries, fight back?
The terrorist who killed so many people in Germany said just before crime, "by God's will we will slaughter you pigs, I swear, we will......
As to the U.N., things will be different after Jan. 20th.
my presidency. Isn't this a ridiculous shame? He loves these kids, has raised millions of dollars for them, and now must stop. Wrong answer!
My wonderful son, Eric, will no longer be allowed to raise money for children with cancer because of a possible conflict of interest with...
The so-called "A" list celebrities are all wanting tixs to the inauguration, but look what they did for Hillary, NOTHING. I want the PEOPLE!
Based on the tremendous cost and cost overruns of the Lockheed Martin F-35, I have asked Boeing to price-out a comparable F-18 Super Hornet!
The United States must greatly strengthen and expand its nuclear capability until such time as the world comes to its senses regarding nukes
Someone incorrectly stated that the phrase "DRAIN THE SWAMP" was no longer being used by me. Actually, we will always be trying to DTS.
The resolution being considered at the United Nations Security Council regarding Israel should be vetoed....cont: https://t.co/s8rXKKZNF1
I met some really great Air Force GENERALS and Navy ADMIRALS today, talking about airplane capability and pricing. Very impressive people!
I have not heard any of the pundits or commentators discussing the fact that I spent FAR LESS MONEY on the win than Hillary on the loss!
I would have done even better in the election, if that is possible, if the winner was based on popular vote - but would campaign differently
Campaigning to win the Electoral College is much more difficult &amp; sophisticated than the popular vote. Hillary focused on the wrong states!
Yes, it is true - Carlos Slim, the great businessman from Mexico, called me about getting together for a meeting. We met, HE IS A GREAT GUY!
especially how to get people, even with an unlimited budget, out to vote in the vital swing states ( and more). They focused on wrong states
Bill Clinton stated that I called him after the election. Wrong, he called me (with a very nice congratulations). He "doesn't know much" ...
We did it! Thank you to all of my great supporters, we just officially won the election (despite all of the distorted and inaccurate media).
Today there were terror attacks in Turkey, Switzerland and Germany - and it is only getting worse. The civilized world must change thinking!
If my many supporters acted and threatened people like those who lost the election are doing, they would be scorned &amp; called terrible names!
We should tell China that we don't want the drone they stole back.- let them keep it!
Thank you Alabama! From now on, it’s going to be #AmericaFirst. Our goal is to bring back that wonderful phrase:… https://t.co/4UAazd7TmF
China steals United States Navy research drone in international waters - rips it out of water and takes it to China in unprecedented act.
Mobile, Alabama today at 3:00 P.M. Last rally of the year - "THANK YOU ALABAMA AND THE SOUTH" Biggest of all crowds expected, see you there!
Last night in Orlando, Florida, was incredible - massive crowd - THANK YOU FLORIDA! Today at 3:00 P.M. I will be in Alabama for last rally!
Thank you Florida. My Administration will follow two simple rules: BUY AMERICAN and HIRE AMERICAN! #ICYMI- Watch:… https://t.co/3vgtzSJsFu
#ThankYouTour2016 Tonight- Orlando, Florida Tickets: https://t.co/JwQeccp79NTomorrow- Mobile, AlabamaTickets:… https://t.co/Cq5AwcuzT9
Well, we all did it, together! I hope the "MOVEMENT" fans will go to D.C. on Jan 20th for the swearing in. Let's set the all time record!
Are we talking about the same cyberattack where it was revealed that head of the DNC illegally gave Hillary the questions to the debate?
Thank you Pennsylvania! Together, we are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Watch here: https://t.co/7R382qWfWS… https://t.co/yB6u5FEfHq
Join me in Mobile, Alabama on Sat. at 3pm! #ThankYouTour2016 Tickets: https://t.co/GGgbjl8Zo6 https://t.co/opKrWO4k0C
If Russia, or some other entity, was hacking, why did the White House wait so long to act? Why did they only complain after Hillary lost?
The media tries so hard to make my move to the White House, as it pertains to my business, so complex - when actually it isn't!
Thank you to Time Magazine and Financial Times for naming me "Person of the Year" - a great honor!
Has anyone looked at the really poor numbers of @VanityFair Magazine. Way down, big trouble, dead! Graydon Carter, no talent, will be out!
.@BillGates and @JimBrownNFL32 in my Trump Tower office yesterday- two great guys! https://t.co/4PjSOEU5y9
Thank you Wisconsin! My Administration will be focused on three very important words: jobs, jobs, jobs! Watch:… https://t.co/iEGWZLuiFE
Join me this Saturday at Ladd–Peebles Stadium in Mobile, Alabama! #ThankYouTour2016 Tickets:… https://t.co/1RFmKCMgyw
The thing I like best about Rex Tillerson is that he has vast experience at dealing successfully with all types of foreign governments.
Wisconsin and Pennsylvania have just certified my wins in those states. I actually picked up additional votes!
I have chosen one of the truly great business leaders of the world, Rex Tillerson, Chairman and CEO of ExxonMobil, to be Secretary of State.
I will hold a press conference in the near future to discuss the business, Cabinet picks and all other topics of interest. Busy times!
Presidency. Two of my children, Don and Eric, plus executives, will manage them. No new deals will be done during my term(s) in office.
Even though I am not mandated by law to do so, I will be leaving my busineses before January 20th so that I can focus full time on the......
I will be making my announcement on the next Secretary of State tomorrow morning.
The final Wisconsin vote is in and guess what - we just picked up an additional 131 votes. The Dems and Green Party can now rest. Scam!
#ThankYouTour2016 Tue: West Allis, WI. Thur: Hershey, PA. Fri: Orlando, FL. Sat: Mobile, AL. Tickets:… https://t.co/OJ8S7iVzFx
The F-35 program and cost is out of control. Billions of dollars can and will be saved on military (and other) purchases after January 20th.
Unless you catch "hackers" in the act, it is very hard to determine who was doing the hacking. Why wasn't this brought up before election?
Can you imagine if the election results were the opposite and WE tried to play the Russia/CIA card. It would be called conspiracy theory!
Just watched @NBCNightlyNews - So biased, inaccurate and bad, point after point. Just can't get much worse, although @CNN is right up there!
Will be interviewed on @FoxNews at 10:00 P.M. Enjoy!
Whether I choose him or not for "State"- Rex Tillerson, the Chairman &amp; CEO of ExxonMobil, is a world class player and dealmaker. Stay tuned!
I spent Friday campaigning with John Kennedy, of the Great State of Louisiana, for the U.S.Senate. The election is over - JOHN WON!
Being at the Army - Navy Game was fantastic. There is nothing like the spirit in that stadium. A wonderful experience, and congrats to Army!
I will be interviewed today on Fox News Sunday with Chris Wallace at 10:00 (Eastern) Network. ENJOY!
October 2015 - thanks Chris Wallace @FoxNewsSunday! https://t.co/VEsgPcWq7z
A very interesting read. Unfortunately, so much is true.https://t.co/ER2BoM765M
Reports by @CNN that I will be working on The Apprentice during my Presidency, even part time, are ridiculous &amp; untrue - FAKE NEWS!
As a show of support for our Armed Forces, I will be going to The Army-Navy Game today. Looking forward to it, should be fun!
I have NOTHING to do with The Apprentice except for fact that I conceived it with Mark B &amp; have a big stake in it. Will devote ZERO TIME!
.@RudyGiuliani, one of the finest people I know and a former GREAT Mayor of N.Y.C., just took himself out of consideration for "State".
Thank you Michigan. We are going to bring back your jobs &amp; together, we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!Watch:… https://t.co/EyLOo26FqW
Thank you Louisiana! Get out &amp; vote for John Kennedy tomorrow. Electing Kennedy will help enact our agenda on behal… https://t.co/sHXeyreEZI
Join me live in Louisiana! Tomorrow, we need you to go to the polls &amp; send John Kennedy to the U.S. Senate. https://t.co/O0jtz0BKeL
THANK YOU IOWA!#ThankYouTour2016 https://t.co/v6EB2OQMeO
Join me tomorrow! #MAGA 10am- Baton Rouge, LA. Tickets: https://t.co/rvIQ6Yq45P7pm- Grand Rapids, MI.Tickets: https://t.co/2UTwAg5V87
On my way to Des Moines, Iowa- will see you soon with @mike_pence. Join us! Tickets: https://t.co/1IuRTVwMSx #ThankYouTour2016
Today we lost a great pioneer of air and space in John Glenn. He was a hero and inspired generations of future explorers. He will be missed.
If United Steelworkers 1999 was any good, they would have kept those jobs in Indiana. Spend more time working-less time talking. Reduce dues
Chuck Jones, who is President of United Steelworkers 1999, has done a terrible job representing workers. No wonder companies flee country!
Join me tomorrow in Des Moines, Iowa with Vice President-Elect @mike_pence - at 7:00pm!#ThankYouTour2016 #MAGA… https://t.co/Geq6sT70IT
We pause today to remember the 2,403 American heroes who selflessly gave their lives at Pearl Harbor 75 years ago...https://t.co/r5eRLR24Q3
I will be interviewed on the @TODAYshow at 7:30. Enjoy!
A great night in Fayetteville, North Carolina. Thank you! #ICYMI watch here: https://t.co/ZAuTgxKPpb https://t.co/EF9xRWmciA
Departing New York with General James 'Mad Dog' Mattis for tonight's rally in Fayetteville, North Carolina! See you… https://t.co/Z8sgJBWI09
Masa said he would never do this had we (Trump) not won the election!
Masa (SoftBank) of Japan has agreed to invest $50 billion in the U.S. toward businesses and 50,000 new jobs....
Join me tonight in Fayetteville, North Carolina at 7pm! #ThankYouTour2016 Tickets: https://t.co/79AHq3NC0v https://t.co/KoZCE7JeG7
Boeing is building a brand new 747 Air Force One for future presidents, but costs are out of control, more than $4 billion. Cancel order!
#ThankYouTour2016 12/6- North Carolinahttps://t.co/79AHq3NC0v12/8- Iowahttps://t.co/1IuRTVwMSx12/9- Michiga… https://t.co/vcQaIJ8qoB
If the press would cover me accurately &amp; honorably, I would have far less reason to "tweet." Sadly, I don't know if that will ever happen!
I am thrilled to nominate Dr. @RealBenCarson as our next Secretary of the US Dept. of Housing and Urban Development… https://t.co/OJKuDFhP3r
their country (the U.S. doesn't tax them) or to build a massive military complex in the middle of the South China Sea?  I don't think so!
Did China ask us if it was OK to devalue their currency (making it hard for our companies to compete), heavily tax our products going into..
.@FoxNews will be re-running "Objectified: Donald Trump," the ratings hit produced by the great Harvey Levin of TMZ, at 8:00 P.M. Enjoy!
The Green Party just dropped its recount suit in Pennsylvania and is losing votes in Wisconsin recount. Just a Stein scam to raise money!
expensive mistake! THE UNITED STATES IS OPEN FOR BUSINESS
these companies are able to move between all 50 states, with no tax or tariff being charged. Please be forewarned prior to making a very ...
wanting to sell their product, cars, A.C. units etc., back across the border. This tax will make leaving financially difficult, but.....
without retribution or consequence, is WRONG! There will be a tax on our soon to be strong border of 35% for these companies ......
fires its employees, builds a new factory or plant in the other country, and then thinks it will sell its product back into the U.S.  ......
The U.S. is going to substantialy reduce taxes and regulations on businesses, but any business that leaves our country for another country,
Just tried watching Saturday Night Live - unwatchable! Totally biased, not funny and the Baldwin impersonation just can't get any worse. Sad
Our great VPE, @mike_pence, is in Louisiana campaigning for John Kennedy for US Senate. John will be a tremendous help to us in Washington.
State Treasurer John Kennedy is my choice for US Senator from Louisiana. Early voting today; election next Saturday.
Rexnord of Indiana is moving to Mexico and rather viciously firing all of its 300 workers. This is happening all over our country. No more!
Interesting how the U.S. sells Taiwan billions of dollars of military equipment but I should not accept a congratulatory call.
The President of Taiwan CALLED ME today to wish me congratulations on winning the Presidency. Thank you!
Thank you Ohio! Together, we made history – and now, the real work begins. America will start winning again!… https://t.co/sVNSNJE7Uf
Heading to U.S. Bank Arena in Cincinnati, Ohio for a 7pm rally. Join me! Tickets: https://t.co/HiWqZvHv6M
Getting ready to leave for the Great State of Indiana and meet the hard working and wonderful people of Carrier A.C.
My thoughts and prayers are with those affected by the tragic storms and tornadoes in the Southeastern United States. Stay safe!
Look forward to going to Indiana tomorrow in order to be with the great workers of Carrier. They will sell many air conditioners!
'Donald Trump is already helping the working class' https://t.co/GTuNcQhLYx
'President-elect Donald J. Trump today announced his intent to nominate Steven Mnuchin, Wilbur Ross &amp; Todd Ricketts… https://t.co/cEBxoWsnYp
Join me in Cincinnati, Ohio tomorrow evening at 7:00pm. I am grateful for all of your support. THANK YOU!Tickets:… https://t.co/51Emq7Tffa
Hence, legal documents are being crafted which take me completely out of business operations. The Presidency is a far more important task!
do this under the law, I feel it is visually important, as President,  to in no way have a conflict of interest with my various businesses..
great business in total in order to fully focus on running the country in order to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! While I am not mandated to ....
I will be holding a major news conference in New York City with my children on December 15 to discuss the fact that I will be leaving my ...
ISIS is taking credit for the terrible stabbing attack at Ohio State University by a Somali refugee who should not have been in our country.
Big day on Thursday for Indiana and the great workers of that wonderful state.We will keep our companies and jobs in the U.S. Thanks Carrier
I will be going to Indiana on Thursday to make a major announcement concerning Carrier A.C. staying in Indianapolis. Great deal for workers!
'President-Elect Donald J. Trump Nominates Elaine Chao as Secretary of the Department of Transportation'https://t.co/5FMGdhAZxB
'President-Elect Donald J. Trump Intends to Nominate Congressman Tom Price and Seema Verma.'https://t.co/ZTh5cuY26Z https://t.co/twIgAKJs3s
My thoughts and prayers are with the great people of Tennessee during these terrible wildfires. Stay safe!
Nobody should be allowed to burn the American flag - if they do, there must be consequences - perhaps loss of citizenship or year in jail!
I thought that @CNN would get better after they failed so badly in their support of Hillary Clinton however, since election, they are worse!
The Great State of Michigan was just certified as a Trump WIN giving all of our MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN supporters another victory - 306!
.@CNN is so embarrassed by their total  (100%) support of Hillary Clinton, and yet her loss in a landslide, that they don't know what to do.
Just met with General Petraeus--was very impressed!
If Cuba is unwilling to make a better deal for the Cuban people, the Cuban/American people and the U.S. as a whole, I will terminate deal.
Serious voter fraud in Virginia, New Hampshire and California - so why isn't the media reporting on this? Serious bias - big problem!
states instead of the 15 states that I visited. I would have won even more easily and convincingly (but smaller states are forgotten)!
It would have been much easier for me to win the so-called popular vote than the Electoral College in that I would only campaign in 3 or 4--
In addition to winning the Electoral College in a landslide, I won the popular vote if you deduct the millions of people who voted illegally
Trump is going to be our President. We owe him an open mind and the chance to lead." So much time and money will be spent - same result! Sad
this election. That is a direct threat to our democracy." She then said, "We have to accept the results and look to the future, Donald --
of position." Then, separately she stated, "He said something truly horrifying ... he refused to say that he would respect the results of --
during a general election. I, for one, am appalled that somebody that is the nominee of one of our two major parties would take that kind --
and fair elections. We've accepted the outcomes when we may not have liked them, and that is what must be expected of anyone standing on a -
Hillary's debate answer on delay: "That is horrifying. That is not the way our democracy works. Been around for 240 years. We've had free --
Hillary Clinton conceded the election when she called me just prior to the victory speech and after the results were in. Nothing will change
The Democrats, when they incorrectly thought they were going to win, asked that the election night tabulation be accepted. Not so anymore!
The Green Party scam to fill up their coffers by asking for impossible recounts is now being joined by the badly defeated &amp; demoralized Dems
Fidel Castro is dead!
I am working hard, even on Thanksgiving, trying to get Carrier A.C. Company to stay in the U.S. (Indiana). MAKING PROGRESS - Will know soon!
Happy Thanksgiving to everyone. We will, together, MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Let us give thanks for all that we have, and let us boldly face the exciting new frontiers that lie ahead. Happy Th… https://t.co/RY9mGGjrXm
Bus crash in Tennessee so sad &amp; so terrible. Condolences to all family members and loved ones. These beautiful children will be remembered!
I am seriously considering Dr. Ben Carson as the head of HUD. I've gotten to know him well--he's a greatly talented person who loves people!
The meeting with the @nytimes is back on at 12:30 today. Look forward to it!
'Jeff Sessions, a Fitting Selection for Attorney General'https://t.co/LjKTkAZSFy
'President-elect Donald J. Trump's CIA Director Garners Praise'https://t.co/UFdLWtwBEQ https://t.co/MrPaG7OziQ
Great meetings will take place today at Trump Tower concerning the formation of the people who will run our government for the next 8 years.
The failing @nytimes just announced that complaints about them are at a 15 year high. I can fully understand that - but why announce?
Perhaps a new meeting will be set up with the @nytimes. In the meantime they continue to cover me inaccurately and with a nasty tone!
I cancelled today's meeting with the failing @nytimes when the terms and conditions of the meeting were changed at the last moment. Not nice
Many people would like to see @Nigel_Farage represent Great Britain as their Ambassador to the United States. He would do a great job!
Prior to the election it was well known that I have interests in properties all over the world.Only the crooked media makes this a big deal!
.@transition2017 update and policy plans for the first 100 days. https://t.co/HTgPXfPWeJ
I have always had a good relationship with Chuck Schumer. He is far smarter than Harry R and has the ability to get things done. Good news!
General James "Mad Dog" Mattis, who is being considered for Secretary of Defense, was very impressive yesterday. A true General's General!
I watched parts of @nbcsnl Saturday Night Live last night. It is a totally one-sided, biased show - nothing funny at all. Equal time for us?
Numerous patriots will be coming to Bedminster today as I continue to fill out the various positions necessary to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
The cast and producers of Hamilton, which I hear is highly overrated, should immediately apologize to Mike Pence for their terrible behavior
The Theater must always be a safe and special place.The cast of Hamilton was very rude last night to a very good man, Mike Pence. Apologize!
Our wonderful future V.P. Mike Pence was harassed last night at the theater by the cast of Hamilton, cameras blazing.This should not happen!
The ONLY bad thing about winning the Presidency is that I did not have the time to go through a long but winning trial on Trump U. Too bad!
I settled the Trump University lawsuit for a small fraction of the potential award because as President I have to focus on our country.
Will be working all weekend in choosing the great men and women who will be helping to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I worked hard with Bill Ford to keep the Lincoln plant in Kentucky. I owed it to the great State of Kentucky for their confidence in me!
Just got a call from my friend Bill Ford, Chairman of Ford, who advised me that he will be keeping the Lincoln plant in Kentucky - no Mexico
My transition team, which is working long hours and doing a fantastic job, will be seeing many great candidates today. #MAGA
Australia, New Zealand, and more. I am always available to them. @nytimes is just upset that they looked like fools in their coverage of me.
I have recieved and taken calls from many foreign leaders despite what the failing @nytimes said. Russia, U.K., China, Saudi Arabia, Japan,
The failing @nytimes story is so totally wrong on transition. It is going so smoothly. Also, I have spoken to many foreign leaders.
I am not trying to get "top level security clearance" for my children. This was a typically false news story.
Very organized process taking place as I decide on Cabinet and many other positions. I am the only one who knows who the finalists are!
The Electoral College is actually genius in that it brings all states, including the smaller ones, into play. Campaigning is much different!
If the election were based on total popular vote I would have campaigned in  N.Y. Florida and California and won even bigger and more easily
The debates, especially the second and third, plus speeches and intensity of the large rallies, plus OUR GREAT SUPPORTERS, gave us the win!
I will be interviewed on @60Minutes tonight after the NFL game - 7:00 P.M. Enjoy!
The @nytimes states today that DJT believes "more countries should acquire nuclear weapons." How dishonest are they. I never said this!
Governor John Kasich of the GREAT, GREAT, GREAT State of Ohio called to congratulate me on the win. The people of Ohio were incredible!
Jeb Bush, George W and George H.W. all called to express their best wishes on the win. Very nice!
Mitt Romney called to congratulate me on the win. Very nice!
The @nytimes sent a letter to their subscribers apologizing for their BAD coverage of me. I wonder if it will change - doubt it?
Wow, the @nytimes is losing thousands of subscribers because of their very poor and highly inaccurate coverage of the "Trump phenomena"
This will prove to be a great time in the lives of ALL Americans. We will unite and we will win, win, win!
Today we express our deepest gratitude to all those who have served in our armed forces. #ThankAVet https://t.co/wPk7QWpK8Z
Busy day planned in New York. Will soon be making some very important decisions on the people who will be running our government!
Love the fact that the small groups of protesters last night have passion for our great country. We will all come together and be proud!
Just had a very open and successful presidential election. Now professional protesters, incited by the media, are protesting. Very unfair!
A fantastic day in D.C. Met with President Obama for first time. Really good meeting, great chemistry. Melania liked Mrs. O a lot!
Happy 241st birthday to the U.S. Marine Corps! Thank you for your service!! https://t.co/Lz2dhrXzo4
Such a beautiful and important evening! The forgotten man and woman will never be forgotten again. We will all come together as never before
Watching the returns at 9:45pm. #ElectionNight #MAGA???? https://t.co/HfuJeRZbod
Still time to #VoteTrump! #iVoted #ElectionNight https://t.co/UZtYAY1Ba6
Don't let up, keep getting out to vote - this election is FAR FROM OVER! We are doing well but there is much time left. GO FLORIDA!
Just out according to @CNN: "Utah officials report voting machine problems across entire country"
I will be watching the election results from Trump Tower in Manhattan with my family and friends. Very exciting!
#ElectionDay https://t.co/MXrAxYnTjY https://t.co/FZhOncih21
We need your vote. Go to the POLLS! Let's continue this MOVEMENT! Find your poll location: https://t.co/VMUdvi1tx1… https://t.co/zGOx74Ebhw
VOTE TODAY! Go to https://t.co/MXrAxYnTjY to find your polling location. We are going to Make America Great Again!… https://t.co/KPQ5EY9VwQ
TODAY WE MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Today we are going to win the great state of MICHIGAN and we are going to WIN back the White House! Thank you MI!… https://t.co/onRpEvzHrW
Unbelievable evening in New Hampshire - THANK YOU! Flying to Grand Rapids, Michigan now. Watch NH rally here:… https://t.co/hP88anrfgk
Big news to share in New Hampshire tonight! Polls looking great! See you soon.
Today in Florida, I pledged to stand with the people of Cuba and Venezuela in their fight against oppression- cont: https://t.co/8eELqk2wUw
Thank you Pennsylvania! Going to New Hampshire now and on to Michigan. Watch PA rally here: https://t.co/d29DLINGst… https://t.co/zcH9crFIKM
LIVE on #Periscope: Join me for a few minutes in Pennsylvania. Get out &amp; VOTE tomorrow. LETS #MAGA!! https://t.co/Ej0LmMK3YU
Hey Missouri let's defeat Crooked Hillary &amp; @koster4missouri! Koster supports Obamacare &amp; amnesty! Vote outsider Navy SEAL @EricGreitens!
'America must decide between failed policies or fresh perspective, a corrupt system or an outsider'https://t.co/ll8QIW9SqW
'What I Like About Trump ... and Why You Need to Vote for Him'https://t.co/6rVuDUehZq
'Why Trump' https://t.co/RpwIYB7aOV
I love you North Carolina- thank you for your amazing support! Get out and https://t.co/HfihPERFgZ tomorrow!Watch:… https://t.co/jZzfqUZNYh
On my way! https://t.co/6L2ILD6r8h
Just landed in North Carolina- heading to the J.S. Dorton Arena. See you all soon! Lets #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! https://t.co/EUo0keWX1Y
Starting tomorrow it's going to be #AmericaFirst! Thank you for a great morning Sarasota, Florida!Watch here:… https://t.co/ig62Kjkkvl
Thank you for you support Virginia! In ONE DAY - get out and #VoteTrumpPence16! #ICYMI: https://t.co/Nid8qcFTwY https://t.co/WOsEcjM8sm
Thank you Pennsylvania- I am forever grateful for your amazing support. Lets MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! #MAGA… https://t.co/qbcJZAzw6z
Thank you Michigan! This is a MOVEMENT that will never be seen again- it's our last chance to #DrainTheSwamp! Watch… https://t.co/cSdGkCFYRL
Our American comeback story begins 11/8/16. Together, we will MAKE AMERICA SAFE &amp; GREAT again for everyone! Watch:… https://t.co/ek8Cn3CgTr
Thank you Minnesota! It is time to #DrainTheSwamp &amp; #MAGA! #ICYMI- watch: https://t.co/fVThC7yIL6 https://t.co/e8SaXiJrxj
MONDAY - 11/7/2016Scranton, Pennsylvania at 5:30pm.https://t.co/BcErCtsPdFGrand Rapids, Michigan at 11pm.… https://t.co/pgFMLp0173
Thank you Iowa - Get out &amp; #VoteTrumpPence16! https://t.co/HfihPERFgZ https://t.co/QsukELQmKb
Van Jones: ‘There Is A Crack in the Blue Wall’ — It Has to Do With Trade: https://t.co/BvEF9cC7o7
Great night in Denver, Colorado- thank you! Together, we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! #ICYMI watch rally here:… https://t.co/LbvNHo6T2k
Thank you Reno, Nevada. NOTHING will stop us in our quest to MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN! #AmericaFirst… https://t.co/A4eeHoCbGS
Join me live in Reno, Nevada!https://t.co/T4bf1hrxaA https://t.co/EPqRXHa1CM
JOIN ME TOMORROW!MINNESOTA • 2pmhttps://t.co/WcgLh4prS7MICHIGAN • 6pmhttps://t.co/9BqGVKNNrtVIRGINIA • 9:30p… https://t.co/A1oVhCrT6t
#DrainTheSwamp!https://t.co/z68vGp9Bvf
Top Clinton Aides Bemoan Campaign ‘All Tactics,’ No Vision: https://t.co/mHYvQtIq78
‘Must Act Immediately’: Clinton Charity Lawyer Told Execs They Were Breaking The Lawhttps://t.co/hsi4qhqTV1
Watch Coach Mike Ditka- a great guy and supporter tonight at 8pmE on #WattersWorld with @jessebwatters @FoxNews.
Thank you Wilmington, North Carolina. We are 3 days away from the CHANGE you've been waiting for your entire life!… https://t.co/6ZJZRBfLST
Thank you for the incredible support this morning Tampa, Florida! #ICYMI- watch here: https://t.co/q43kHf7MoE https://t.co/1GscFNaV4L
Join me in Denver, Colorado tonight at 9:30pm: https://t.co/LJYGIK7MriNEW- Scranton, Pennsylvania Monday @ 5:30pm: https://t.co/BcErCtsPdF
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Thank you Hershey, Pennsylvania. Get out &amp; VOTE on November 8th &amp; we will #MAGA! #RallyForRiley #ICYMI, watch here… https://t.co/maWukVBTr8
Join me in Denver, Colorado tomorrow at 9:30pm!Tickets: https://t.co/LJYGIK7Mri
Join me live in Hershey, Pennsylvania! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain LIVE: https://t.co/xEj6sZpb12 https://t.co/JWfGI1vlwW
The only thing that can stop this corrupt machine is YOU. The only force strong enough to save our country is US.… https://t.co/7dcSHOkuzc
Thank you Ohio! VOTE so we can replace Obamacare and save healthcare for every family in the United States! Watch:… https://t.co/7CH8ZnGdOa
Join me live in Wilmington, Ohio!https://t.co/nQ2p4EulLu
If Obama worked as hard on straightening out our country as he has trying to protect and elect Hillary, we would all be much better off!
'ICE OFFICERS WARN HILLARY IMMIGRATION PLAN WILL UNLEASH GANGS, CARTELS &amp; DRUG VIOLENCE NATIONWIDE'… https://t.co/09aSrBwQrv
Thank you NH! We will end illegal immigration, stop the drugs, deport all criminal aliens&amp;save American lives! Watc… https://t.co/uxcazVkb32
Clinton Aides: ‘Definitely’ Not Releasing Some HRC Emails:https://t.co/GY5pGKaDoW
"The Clinton Campaign at Obama Justice" #DrainTheSwamphttps://t.co/LZkvFc071z
Join me today in Wilmington, Ohio at 4pm: https://t.co/eCLECMkYLwTomorrow- Tampa, Florida at 10am: https://t.co/N9380pVmuM
There is no challenge too great, no dream outside of our reach! Thank you Selma, North Carolina!#ICYMI, watch here… https://t.co/8uIrhgYRsl
Join me in Wilmington, Ohio tomorrow at 4:00pm! It is time to #DrainTheSwamp! Tickets: https://t.co/eCLECM3nmW https://t.co/sb5irRxjxJ
#CrookedHillary is unfit to serve. https://t.co/bSuGvInNF1
Thank you Concord, North Carolina! When WE win on November 8th, we are going to Washington, D.C. and we are going t… https://t.co/7j4MBn1Waf
Watching my beautiful wife, Melania, speak about our love of country and family. We will make you all very proud.… https://t.co/DiKmSnTlC2
Looking at Air Force One @ MIA. Why is he campaigning instead of creating jobs &amp; fixing Obamacare? Get back to work for the American people!
ObamaCare is a total disaster. Hillary Clinton wants to save it by making it even more expensive. Doesn't work, I will REPEAL AND REPLACE!
My wife, Melania, will be speaking in Pennsylvania this afternoon. So exciting, big crowds! I will be watching from North Carolina.
Thank you Arlene! We will MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN! #ImWithYou #DrainTheSwamp https://t.co/tSI0YP2LL9
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #6Days https://t.co/eHTGIEpFsm
Thank you Orlando, Florida! We are just six days away from delivering justice for every forgotten man, woman and ch… https://t.co/LPXBQZ5AXt
After decades of lies and scandal, Crooked Hillary's corruption is closing in. #DrainTheSwamp! https://t.co/YivCacmkKq
Clinton camp fumed when surrogate told supporters Clinton planned to betray labor on TPP post-election: https://t.co/ZZjbGDZP7e
"It pays to have friends in high places- like the Justice Department. Clearly the Clintons do." #DrainTheSwamp! https://t.co/KZXB4B156M
Thank you Miami! In 6 days, we are going to WIN the GREAT STATE of FLORIDA - and we are going to win back the White… https://t.co/MKYPOp0MeD
Praying for the families of the two Iowa police who were ambushed this morning. An attack on those who keep us safe is an attack on us all.
Crooked Hillary Clinton deleted 33,000 e-mails AFTER they were subpoenaed by the United States Congress. Guilty - cannot run. Rigged system!
I am going to repeal and replace ObamaCare. We will have MUCH less expensive and MUCH better healthcare. With Hillary, costs will triple!
You can change your vote in six states. So, now that you see that Hillary was a big mistake, change your vote to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Join me in Florida tomorrow!MIAMI•12pmhttps://t.co/A3X71Q6sG2ORLANDO•4pmhttps://t.co/6BqTVoty5CPENSACOLA•7p… https://t.co/kEQuuJeO1B
Thank you for your incredible support Wisconsin and Governor @ScottWalker! It is time to #DrainTheSwamp &amp; #MAGA!… https://t.co/gKBkKmTudn
WikiLeaks emails reveal Podesta urging Clinton camp to 'dump' emails. Time to #DrainTheSwamp!https://t.co/P3ajiACiXK
'Podesta urged Clinton team to hand over emails after use of private server emerged' https://t.co/NYvVmoA8wl
Mika Brzezinski: Dem Criticism of Comey Reinforcing Idea ‘There’s Something There'https://t.co/EvBp0xESPN https://t.co/QIDBiDpat8
Hillary Advisers Wanted Her To Avoid Supporting Israel When Talking To Democrats: https://t.co/y7m8iVU173
Trump promises special session to repeal Obamacare: https://t.co/wTCd108yrV
'Kept me out of jail': Top DOJ official involved in Clinton probe represented her campaign chairman: https://t.co/QUZn97CEOq
.@DarrellIssa is a very good man. Help him win his congressional seat in California.
#ICYMI: Governor @mike_pence and I were in Valley Forge, Pennsylvania today. You can watch it here:… https://t.co/6GWgmCV23Z
So terrible that Crooked didn't report she got the debate questions from Donna Brazile, if that were me it would have been front page news!
JOIN ME TOMORROW IN FLORIDA!MIAMI•12pmhttps://t.co/A3X71Q6sG2ORLANDO•4pmhttps://t.co/6BqTVoty5CPENSACOLA•7p… https://t.co/kNzrAeuLZO
Crooked Hillary should not be allowed to run for president. She deleted 33,000 e-mails AFTER getting a subpoena from U.S. Congress. RIGGED!
Wow, now leading in @ABC /@washingtonpost Poll 46 to 45. Gone up 12 points in two weeks, mostly before the Crooked Hillary blow-up!
Look at the way Crooked Hillary is handling the e-mail case and the total mess she is in. She is unfit to be president. Bad judgement!
Wow! I hear you Warren, Michigan. Streaming live - join us America. It is time to DRAIN THE SWAMP!Watch: https://t.co/pjXELwc5E1
#ObamacareFail #HillarycareFail https://t.co/gaXOWVI0Xa
Thank you Grand Rapids, Michigan! #ICYMI- watch: https://t.co/2mDQCs6coB https://t.co/gN7BYfLD9K
$25 Million+ raised online in just one week! RECORD WEEK. #DrainTheSwamp Today we set a bigger record. Contribute &gt;https://t.co/CZ1QmzCxwO
Legendary basketball coach Bobby Knight who has 900+ wins, many championships and a gold medal will be introducing… https://t.co/aHltfG7U4I
'Hillary's Two Official Favors To Morocco Resulted In $28 Million For Clinton Foundation' #DrainTheSwamphttps://t.co/6qOO7FZSvF
Join me tomorrow in Michigan!Grand Rapids at 12pm:https://t.co/xFPRNF7pnFWarren at 3pm:https://t.co/DREwbH7ZVd https://t.co/iyXwiP0rvd
Beautiful rally in Albuquerque, New Mexico this evening - thank you. Get out &amp; VOTE! #DrainTheSwampWatch rally:… https://t.co/K2RSgt2Zh5
Thank you Greeley, CO! REAL change means restoring honesty to the govt. Our plan will END govt. corruption! Watch:… https://t.co/qz5AL7zvp4
Thank you Las Vegas, Nevada- I love you! Departing for Greeley, Colorado now. Get out &amp; VOTE! #ICYMI- watch here:… https://t.co/uIloPRtEn9
See you tomorrow Michigan!Grand Rapids, MI tomorrow at noon:https://t.co/xFPRNEPNZ5Warren, MI tomorrow at 3pm:… https://t.co/UHRTgS88B5
Wow, Twitter, Google and Facebook are burying the FBI criminal investigation of Clinton. Very dishonest media!
Hillary and the Dems loved and praised FBI Director Comey just a few days ago. Original evidence was overwhelming, should not have delayed!
We are now leading in many polls, and many of these were taken before the criminal investigation announcement on Friday - great in states!
Great day in Colorado &amp; Arizona. Will be in Nevada, Colorado and New Mexico tomorrow - join me!Tickets:… https://t.co/vMPTsLXsCT
THANK YOU Phoenix, Arizona! Time for new POWERFUL leadership. Just imagine what WE can accomplish in our first 100… https://t.co/gqZLLxcenk
So nice - great Americans outside Trump Tower right now. Thank you! https://t.co/34ATTgICTz
Departing Golden, CO. for Arizona now - after an unbelievable rally. Watch here: https://t.co/zNzmWuZPiVOverflow: https://t.co/93L7JfdmXJ
#ObamacareFail https://t.co/iusXk4n9w7
Tomorrow!Las Vegas, NV- 11a: https://t.co/KluudKImvnGreeley, CO- 4p: https://t.co/JYimiIbqKBAlbuquerque, NM- 7p: https://t.co/7SCol4vQlM
I am in Colorado - big day planned - but nothing can be as big as yesterday!
Join me in Colorado at 12pm tomorrow - or Arizona at 3pm!TICKETS:Golden: https://t.co/Eix7SspO2ZPhoenix:… https://t.co/pheYCksxq0
Thank you Maine, New Hampshire and Iowa. The waiting is OVER! The time for change is NOW! We are going to… https://t.co/HVPjw6qeQ2
Just landed in Iowa - speaking soon!
We must not let #CrookedHillary take her CRIMINAL SCHEME into the Oval Office. #DrainTheSwamp https://t.co/GtPkj4xIz6
Just out: Neera Tanden, Hillary Clinton adviser said, “Israel is depressing.” I think Israel is inspiring!
Heading to New Hampshire. Will be talking about the disaster known as ObamaCare!
If my people said the things about me that Podesta &amp; Hillary's people said about her, I would fire them out of self respect. "Bad instincts"
Join me tonight in Cedar Rapids, Iowa at 7pm: https://t.co/QWaEJpR79nPhoenix, Arizona tomorrow night at 3pm: https://t.co/0LjE9qbNLh
Thank you Geneva, Ohio. If I am elected President, I am going to keep RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORISTS OUT of our countr… https://t.co/a7t5QN2iqW
Join @TeamTrump on Facebook &amp; watch tonight's rally from Geneva, Ohio- our 3rd rally of the day. #AmericaFirst #MAGA https://t.co/ZqJmf4QcwH
Crooked Hillary launched her political career by letting terrorists off the hook. #DrainTheSwamp… https://t.co/BLMkZQ8svK
I will be interviewed on @oreillyfactor tonight at 8:00 P.M. Enjoy!
I delivered a speech in Charlotte, North Carolina yesterday. I appreciate all of the feedback &amp; support. Lets #MAGA… https://t.co/aI2HtiRUzr
Join me live in Toledo, Ohio. Time to #DrainTheSwamp &amp; #MAGA!https://t.co/NU39Mmlh1T
Join me in Cedar Rapids, Iowa tomorrow at 7:00pm! #MAGAhttps://t.co/QWaEJpzvKN https://t.co/CniHGkjp0v
#ICYMI: I agree- To all Americans, I see you &amp; I hear you. I am your voice. Vote to #DrainTheSwamp with me on 11/8.… https://t.co/P2edj2MoXy
Thank you Springfield, Ohio. Get out and #VoteTrumpPence16!#ICYMI - watch here: https://t.co/dEoXV6oS3b… https://t.co/RNgCUUqO4X
Join me live in Springfield, Ohio!https://t.co/LREA7WRmOx
Inside ‘Bill Clinton Inc.’: Hacked memo reveals intersection of charity and personal income. #DrainTheSwamp!https://t.co/UfDVzeSDfd
JOIN ME! #MAGATODAY:Springfield, OH Toledo, OH Geneva, OH FRIDAY:Manchester, NH Lisbon, ME Cedar Rapids, IAhttps://t.co/kv624y9UOm
I agree, @MMFlint- To all Americans, I see you &amp; I hear you. I am your voice. Vote to #DrainTheSwamp w/ me on 11/8. https://t.co/D7nBwkogBb
"Clinton Foundation’s Fundraisers Pressed Donors to Steer Business to Former President"https://t.co/PlFILR6JCn
Ron Fournier: "Clinton Used Secret Server To Protect #CircleOfEnrichment”https://t.co/4OGP3tPxyp
'WikiLeaks Drip-Drop Releases Prove One Thing: There's No Nov. 8 Deadline on Clinton's Dishonesty and Scandals'https://t.co/MfRy3Nvd4F
A lot of call-ins about vote flipping at the voting booths in Texas. People are not happy. BIG lines. What is going on?
Obamacare is a disaster. We must REPEAL &amp; REPLACE. Tired of the lies, and want to #DrainTheSwamp? Get out &amp; VOTE… https://t.co/jOelj829Pg
Beautiful evening in Kinston, North Carolina - thank you! Get out and VOTE!! You can watch tonight's rally here:… https://t.co/x7wtERl55d
Thank you Charlotte, North Carolina. Great afternoon! #ICYMI - I delivered a speech on urban renewal. Full speech:… https://t.co/ga6DQZrIR0
Hillary said she was under sniper fire (while surrounded by USSS.) Turned out to be a total lie. She is not fit to… https://t.co/hBIrGj21l6
JOIN ME IN OHIO TOMORROW!Springfield-1pm:https://t.co/YcbpSigtvaToledo-4pm:https://t.co/BOJH0l1CZzGeneva-7pm… https://t.co/7qbIRel33u
REPEAL AND REPLACE OBAMACARE!
Thank you Tallahassee, Florida! A beautiful evening with the MOVEMENT! Get out &amp; VOTE!#ICYMI- watch here: https://t.co/GDKhwrCa9R
Thank you Sanford, Florida. Get out &amp; VOTE #TrumpPence16! #ICYMI- watch this afternoons rally here:… https://t.co/zVXrScClfd
REPEAL AND REPLACE!!! #ObamaCareInThreeWords
I have met &amp; spent a lot of time with families @ The Remembrance Project. I will fight for them everyday!… https://t.co/Ot6vQGqVW0
Get your ballots in Colorado - I will see you soon -- and we will win!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain https://t.co/oDLvZg7MLk
'Obama Warned Of Rigged Elections In 2008.' Time to #DrainTheSwamphttps://t.co/AkczH8l0FJ https://t.co/7mIkwAHTuV
Obamacare is a disaster. Rates going through the sky - ready to explode. I will fix it. Hillary can't!#ObamacareFailed
Truly honored to receive the first ever presidential endorsement from the Bay of Pigs Veterans Association. #MAGA… https://t.co/aRdlFkVjAx
Obamacare is a disaster - as I've been saying from the beginning. Time to repeal &amp; replace! #ObamacareFail https://t.co/5CvoMbVceT
#ObamacareFail https://t.co/90Aixp25Oc
Obamacare is a disaster! Time to repeal &amp; replace! #ObamacareFail https://t.co/xDPhVczf1g
#ObamacareFail https://t.co/5Zvsys8j5w
#ObamacareFail https://t.co/Mb0YW1rg6g
Get out and vote! I am your voice and I will fight for you! We will make America great again! https://t.co/XXvLRlhSaz
Key Obamacare premiums to jump 25% next year:https://t.co/TCdHEdPQDG
#Obamacare premiums are about to SKYROCKET --- again. Crooked H will only make it worse. We will repeal &amp; replace! https://t.co/fY1REYV4rK
As election looms, some bad news for Clinton, Democrats:https://t.co/7aWWVQPjTo
Record crowd in Tampa, Florida- thank you! We will WIN FLORIDA, #DrainTheSwamp in Washington D.C. and MAKE AMERICA… https://t.co/IpSUYnXcp6
Thank you Bobby Bowden for the intro tonight and your support! I hope I can do as well for Florida as you have done! https://t.co/Vx5iltoaXj
My contract with the American voter will restore honesty, accountability &amp; CHANGE to Washington! #DrainTheSwamp https://t.co/sbVwctT1Sj
Peter Navarro: 'Trump the Bull vs. Clinton the Bear' #DrainTheSwamp https://t.co/mQRkfMG80j
'Democratic operative caught on camera: Hillary PERSONALLY ordered 'Donald Duck' troll campaign that broke the law'https://t.co/sTreHAfYUH
Join me tomorrow in Sanford or Tallahassee, Florida!Sanford at 3pm:https://t.co/PZENw9KhegTallahassee at 6pm:https://t.co/WKI69e1bqD
THANK YOU St. Augustine, Florida! Get out and VOTE! Join the MOVEMENT - and lets #DrainTheSwamp! Off to Tampa now!… https://t.co/zgwqhy2jBX
Join me LIVE on my Facebook page in St. Augustine, Florida! Lets #DrainTheSwamp &amp; MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!… https://t.co/mPzVrcaR9L
Honored to receive an endorsement from @SJSOPIO - thank you! Together, we are going to MAKE AMERICA SAFE &amp; GREAT AG… https://t.co/PSTcOei5t1
'Hillary Clinton Had Gun Control Supporters Planted In Town Hall Audience' https://t.co/1GVq74iW8a
Leaving West Palm Beach, Florida now - heading to St. Augustine for a 3pm rally. Will be in Tampa at 7pm - join me:… https://t.co/eLunEQRxZq
'The Clinton Foundation’s Most Questionable Foreign Donations'#PayToPlay #DrainTheSwamphttps://t.co/IkeqMRjX5z
Departing Farmers Round Table in Boynton Beach, Florida. Get out &amp; VOTE- lets #MAGA! EARLY VOTING BY FL. COUNTY:… https://t.co/MgJxNbxRga
Get out to VOTE on 11/8/2016- and we will #DrainTheSwamp!RASMUSSEN NATIONAL Trump 43%Clinton 41% https://t.co/jIOR7Bq816
We are winning and the press is refusing to report it. Don't let them fool you- get out and vote! #DrainTheSwamp on November 8th!
Why has nobody asked Kaine about the horrible views emanated on WikiLeaks about Catholics? Media in the tank for Clinton but Trump will win!
Major story that the Dems are making up phony polls in order to suppress the the Trump . We are going to WIN!
Wow, just came out on secret tape that Crooked Hillary wants to take in as many Syrians as possible. We cannot let this happen - ISIS!
'Clinton Ally Aided Campaign of FBI Official’s Wife' https://t.co/U0w99gfyKE
'Clinton Charity Got Up To $56 Million From Nations That Are Anti-Women, Gays' #CrookedHillaryhttps://t.co/eHsuBdi8XM
Thank you Naples, Florida! Get out and VOTE #TrumpPence16 on 11/8. Lets #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! Full Naples rally… https://t.co/5ZbteSJ00K
The attack on Mosul is turning out to be a total disaster. We gave them months of notice. U.S. is looking so dumb. VOTE TRUMP and WIN AGAIN!
#CrookedHillary #PayToPlay https://t.co/BT1Nv0ZMYg
Join me in Naples, Florida this evening at 6:00pm! Tickets: https://t.co/Oax06JVzv1 https://t.co/g9LBxI1dJ8
Remember - get out on November 8th &amp; VOTE #TrumpPence16. It is time to #DrainTheSwamp -- this is our last chance! https://t.co/bnGcJUt7UL
Former Prosecutor: The Clintons Are So Corrupt, Everything ‘They Touch Turns To Molten Lead’ https://t.co/5Eyfi092vn
Thank you Las Vegas Review Journal! EDITORIAL: 'Donald Trump for president' https://t.co/uH5GH7Bhe0 via @reviewjournal
Well, Iran has done it again. Taken two of our people and asking for a fortune for their release. This doesn't happen if I'm president!
"If you can't run your own house you certainly can't run the White House" A statement made by Mrs. Obama about Crooked Hillary Clinton
Thank you for the massive turnout tonight- Cleveland, Ohio! Get out &amp; VOTE #TrumpPence16 on 11/8.Watch rally here:… https://t.co/XuJZeJwSGk
WikiLeaks: 'Clinton-Kaine Even Lied About Timing of Veep Pick'https://t.co/e1NVdpSfNr
'Trump lays out policies for first 100 days in White House'https://t.co/OrwOIFJuSz
'Huma Abedin told Clinton her secret email account caused problems'https://t.co/i4zN2QzKnf
Just arrived in Cleveland, Ohio- join Governor @Mike_Pence and I now, LIVE via: https://t.co/SS58ChFTNy
Hillary Clinton: 'Architect of failure'#DrainTheSwamp #CrookedHillaryhttps://t.co/b5HqsGrc7N
Unbelievable crowd of supporters in Virginia Beach, Virginia. Thank you! Next stop - Cleveland, Ohio.… https://t.co/CN3sdX5ft1
In order to #DrainTheSwamp &amp; create a new GOVERNMENT of, by, &amp; for the PEOPLE, I need your VOTE! Go to https://t.co/HfihPERFgZ- LET'S #MAGA!
Today I introduced my Contract with the American Voter - our economy will be STRONG &amp; our people will be SAFE.… https://t.co/Sa6XUfueU4
Change has to come from outside our very broken system. #MAGA https://t.co/OH9Lvo3R7K
Crooked Hillary Clinton Tops Middle East Forum’s ‘Islamist Money List'https://t.co/JC25rNtx6G
Thank you Gettysburg, Pennsylvania! #DrainTheSwamp https://t.co/jWgLcxDji7
Landing in Pennsylvania now. Great new poll this morning, thank you. Lets #DrainTheSwamp and #MakeAmericaGreatAgain… https://t.co/BV2RFavG84
Will be in Cleveland, Ohio w/ @mike_pence tonight- join us: https://t.co/hre7FofPxQNaples, Florida-tomorrow @ 6pm: https://t.co/Oax06JVzv1
The media refuses to talk about the three new national polls that have me in first place. Biggest crowds ever - watch what happens!
Just returned from Pennsylvania where we will be bringing back their jobs. Amazing crowd. Will be going back tomorrow, to Gettysburg!
Governor @Mike_Pence and I will be in Cleveland, Ohio tomorrow night at 7pm - join us! #MAGATickets:… https://t.co/kfJv5Po0x6
Thank you to the great crowd of supporters in Newtown, Pennsylvania. Get out &amp; VOTE on 11/8/16. Lets #MAGA! Watch:… https://t.co/eb6XuMlbFW
#CrookedHillary sending U.S. intelligence info. to Podesta’s hacked email is ‘unquestionably an OPSEC violation’ https://t.co/z58aeo4CO7
WikiLeaks reveals Clinton camp’s work with ‘VERY friendly and malleable reporters’ #DrainTheSwamp #CrookedHillaryhttps://t.co/bcYLslrxi0
Donna Brazile Shreds Obama Economy - Acting DNC chair says 'people are more in despair about how things are' https://t.co/LQNbISSoX0
"{Crooked Hillary Clinton} created this mess, and she knows it." #DrainTheSwamp https://t.co/3cBNYjl5CD https://t.co/sjwkuq3nkk
'Clinton Campaign And Harry Reid Worked With New York Times To Smear State Dept Watchdog'Time to #DrainTheSwamp! https://t.co/0VDdGdpCTg
VERY IRONIC: "In 2010 video, Clinton lectured underlings on cybersecurity and guarding ‘sensitive information’" https://t.co/dL7VDMqSLy
Great crowd in Johnstown, Pennsylvania- thank you. Get out &amp; VOTE on 11/8! Watch the MOVEMENT in PA. this afternoon… https://t.co/DUMlbSkVeY
A top Clinton Foundation official said he could name “500 different examples” of conflicts of interest. https://t.co/rtWhdYOyq7
#CrookedHillary “was at center of negotiating $12M commitment from King Mohammed VI of Morocco” to Clinton Fdn. https://t.co/HWOQ7jQWY2
Great crowd in Fletcher, North Carolina- thank you! Heading to Johnstown, Pennsylvania now! Get out on November 8th… https://t.co/IG5KhKIz3W
The results are in on the final debate and it is almost unanimous, I WON! Thank you, these are very exciting times.
Huma calls it a "MESS," the rest of us call it CORRUPT! WikiLeaks catches Crooked in the act - again.#DrainTheSwamp https://t.co/juvdLIJPWu
Hillary &amp; Obama's Broken Promises. #RepealObamacare https://t.co/oz24r2xW7G
In addition to those without health coverage- those that have disastrous #Obamacare are seeing MASSIVE PREMIUM INCR… https://t.co/J7ldXmUmJm
When Obama took office in 2009 employer-provided premiums cost $13,375. Today they are $18,142. Thanks, Obama.
Crooked Hillary promised 200k jobs in NY and FAILED. We'll create 25M jobs when I'm president, and I will DELIVER! https://t.co/NgyCkEH7Xn
Crooked took MILLIONS from oppressive ME countries. Will she give the $$$ back? Probably not. Don't forget her slog… https://t.co/esLgql0Gg8
'Trump won the third debate'https://t.co/Wh52fyLNRz
UPCOMING RALLIES - JOIN ME!TOMORROWFletcher, NC @ 12pm. https://t.co/uASvA4Gd4rSATURDAYCleveland, OH @ 7pm. https://t.co/hre7Foxqpo
#ICYMI - OHIO RALLY!Watch here: https://t.co/0qAjfOcu6Y https://t.co/fpShHiXI31
On behalf of the entire family, we would truly be honored to have your vote! Let's #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #EarlyVote https://t.co/tv7ihuvmfS
Want access to Crooked Hillary? Don't forget - it's going to cost you!#DrainTheSwamp #PayToPlay https://t.co/qjMBZkEnK9
Thank you Delaware County, Ohio! Remember- either we WIN this election, or we are going to LOSE this country!… https://t.co/ntDRTzYOqi
If elected POTUS - I will stop RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORISM in this country! In order to do this, we need to… https://t.co/45Vyk6z18m
Why didn't Hillary Clinton announce that she was inappropriately given the debate questions - she secretly used them! Crooked Hillary.
Thank you America! #MAGARasmussen National PollDonald Trump 43%Hillary Clinton 40% https://t.co/n4eZ3qpcjg
Just landed in Ohio. Thank you America- I am honored to win the final debate for our MOVEMENT. It is time to… https://t.co/ivdjRzL6wZ
Totally dishonest Donna Brazile chokes on the truth. Highly illegal! Watch: https://t.co/Rs5brj31bA https://t.co/FYoRo6MUjX
The Washington Times Presidential Debate Poll:TRUMP 77% (18,290)CLINTON 17% (4,100)#DrainTheSwamp #Debate https://t.co/wsgsf5nv6H
Join the MOVEMENT to #MAGA!https://t.co/3KWOl2ibaW https://t.co/V84qfN4oz1
Great poll - thank you America! Once we #DrainTheSwamp, together we will #MAGA????#Debate https://t.co/SvcjmrsHKD
That was really exciting. Made all of my points. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Join my team over on my Facebook page- live now! #Debateshttps://t.co/vpDVQfO58A https://t.co/5v1tWzHrxq
The era of division is coming to an end. We will create a new future of #AmericanUnity. First, we need to… https://t.co/mZUFP24Bgh
We cannot take four more years of Barack Obama and that’s what you’ll get if you vote for Hillary. #BigLeagueTruth
I started this campaign to Make America Great Again. That’s what I’m going to do. #MAGA #debate
HILLARY'S HEALTH CARE POLICIES#DrainTheSwamp #Debate https://t.co/t1Sr8dk2Xi
We have to repeal &amp; replace #Obamacare! Look at what is doing to people! #DrainTheSwamp https://t.co/fsv7P11mWV
.@realDonaldTrump is going to cut taxes BIG LEAGUE -- Crooked is going to raise taxes BIG LEAGUE! #DrainTheSwamp… https://t.co/41X9Qjy0RJ
ISIS has infiltrated countries all over Europe by posing as refugees, and @HillaryClinton will allow it to happen h… https://t.co/MmeW2qsTQh
The economy cannot take four more years of these same failed policies.#BigLeagueTruth #DrainTheSwamp https://t.co/o8g2E5xXy6
Together we can save American JOBS, American LIVES, and AMERICAN FUTURES! #Debates https://t.co/2Yfd0Omn4X
USA has the greatest business people in the world but we let political hacks negotiate our deals. We need change! #BigLeagueTruth #Debate
I WILL DEFEAT ISIS. THEY HAVE BEEN AROUND TOO LONG! What has our leadership been doing?#DrainTheSwamp https://t.co/tU0iW3Gi9v
After Crooked @HillaryClinton allowed ISIS to rise, she now claims she'll defeat them? LAUGHABLE! Here's my plan: https://t.co/FzRMObNQVn
What They Are Saying About @realDonaldTrump's GREAT Debate and @HillaryClinton's Bad Performance… https://t.co/1O86a49vJZ
"Her instincts are suboptimal."https://t.co/PRCHvRtPVA
I opposed going into Iraq. Hillary voted for it. As with everything else she's supported, it was a DISASTER. https://t.co/Um5WJXWfBZ
#BigLeagueTruth #DrainTheSwamp https://t.co/eoBiXFPc5f
Bernie Sanders on HRC: Bad Judgement. John Podesta on HRC: Bad Instincts. #BigLeagueTruth #Debate
HILLARY FAILED ALL OVER THE WORLD. #BigLeagueTruth  ?LIBYA?SYRIA?IRAN?IRAQ?ASIA PIVOT?RUSSIAN RESET?BENGHAZI… https://t.co/H1UH0svtt2
Hillary says "take back Mosul?" We would have NEVER lost Mosul- if it wasn't for #CrookedHillary. #DrainTheSwamp https://t.co/TmsY0ApFLQ
You should give the money back @HillaryClinton! #DrainTheSwamp https://t.co/m0LKHRUoHz
Crooked’s top aides were MIRED in massive conflicts of interests at the State Dept. We MUST #DrainTheSwamp https://t.co/a4p7q9jZde #Debate
LIVE FACT-CHECK: Trump's RIGHT. The Clinton Foundation has taken MILLIONS from the Middle East. #DrainTheSwamp https://t.co/Kgcaf5tdTM
Crooked @HillaryClinton's foundation is a CRIMINAL ENTERPRISE. Time to #DrainTheSwamp!  https://t.co/89eOMTsIjt #BigLeagueTruth #Debate
Moderator: “Respectfully, you won’t answer the pay-to-play question.” #Debate #BigLeagueTruth
.@HillaryClinton loves to lie. America has had enough of the CLINTON'S! It is time to #DrainTheSwamp! Debates https://t.co/3Mz4T7qTTR
She'll say anything and change NOTHING! #MAGA #BigLeagueTruth https://t.co/6E767Uw6Dj
I will do more in the first 30 days in office than Hillary has done in the last 30 years! #Debate  #BigLeagueTruth https://t.co/tuNQePu8Vk
Crooked's camp incited violence at my rallies. These incidents weren't "spontaneous" - like she claimed in Benghazi! https://t.co/aCzOgFIfZ2
#CrookedHillary is nothing more than a Wall Street PUPPET! #BigLeagueTruth #Debate https://t.co/skhBWG6AQ3
Brought to you by @HillaryClinton &amp; her campaign- in Chicago, Illinois. #BigLeagueTruth #DrainTheSwamp https://t.co/10iUBOcECp
.@realDonaldTrump will do more in the first 30 days in office than Hillary has done in the last 30 years! #Debate… https://t.co/GunaVggS0N
Our country is stagnant. We’ve lost jobs and business. We don’t make things anymore b/c of the bill Hillary’s husband signed and she blessed
Crooked Hillary has never created a job in her life. We will create 25 million jobs. Think she can do that? Not a c… https://t.co/64Kll0Dl7K
.@HillaryClinton has been doing this for THIRTY YEARS....where has she been? #BigLeagueTruth
#CrookedHillary gives Obama an “A” for an economic recovery that’s the slowest since WWII... #BigLeagueTruth… https://t.co/wVMFHdyCu2
THE CHOICE IS CLEAR!#BigLeagueTruth #DrainTheSwamp https://t.co/kGx88PEpmX
I will renegotiate NAFTA. If I can’t make a great deal, we’re going to tear it up. We’re going to get this economy running again. #Debate
#CrookedHillary's plan will add $1.15 TRILLION in new taxes. We cannot afford her! #DrainTheSwamp #Debate https://t.co/jpjKY1IiQh
This is what we can expect from #CrookedHillary. More Taxes. More Spending. #BigLeageTruth #DrainTheSwamp #Debates https://t.co/5yxnt0gNUF
#BigLeagueTruth https://t.co/jhDLwFez3v
.@HillaryClinton's tax hikes will CRUSH our economy. I will cut taxes -- BIG LEAGUE. https://t.co/EtA1tBnrNG https://t.co/NgMDP4wilI
.@HillaryClinton talking about jobs? Remember what she promised upstate New York. #BigLeagueTruth#Debates https://t.co/SmjNuHi7XB
.@HillaryClinton has been a foreign policy DISASTER for the American people. I will #MakeAmericaStrongAgain #Debate… https://t.co/tj6PWM5r1J
Moderator: Hillary plan calls for more regulation and more government spending. #Debate #BigLeagueTruth
.@HillaryClinton- you have failed, failed, and failed. #BigLeagueTruthTime to #DrainTheSwamp! https://t.co/c2EiyU8XKK
Hillary has called for 550% more Syrian immigrants, but won’t even mention “radical Islamic terrorists.” #Debate… https://t.co/Rf48XkZWbu
Hey @POTUS - WE AGREE!#BigLeagueTruth #DrainTheSwamp https://t.co/WnofYy60fc
Moderator: Hillary paid $225,000 by a Brazilian bank for a speech that called for “open borders.” That’s a quote! #Debate #BigLeagueTruth
TRUMP &amp; CLINTON ON IMMIGRATION#Debate #BigLeagueTruth https://t.co/OP4c7Jc8Ad
Hillary is too weak to lead on border security-no solutions, no ideas, no credibility.She supported NAFTA, worst deal in US history. #Debate
.@RealDonaldTrump wants a SAFE America w/ stronger borders, no amnesty, and an END to sanctuary cities. He is… https://t.co/7Ha00c77Gb
Plain &amp; Simple: We should only admit into this country those who share our VALUES and RESPECT our people. https://t.co/TlJo8dtVjZ
One of my first acts as President will be to deport the drug lords and then secure the border. #Debate #MAGA
Hillary Clinton will use American tax dollars to provide amnesty for thousands of illegals. I will put… https://t.co/ZpV33TfbR6
Drugs are pouring into this country. If we have no border, we have no country. That’s why ICE endorsed me. #Debate #BigLeagueTruth
#SecondAmendment #2A#Debates https://t.co/QbOaf8Dlhs
.@realDonaldTrump is PRO-LIFE, PRO-FAMILY #BigLeagueTruth #Debates2016 https://t.co/nOqbDBMQFM
It is so imperative that we have the right justices. #DrainTheSwamp #Debates #BigLeagueTruth https://t.co/RHryqijTlu
.@HillaryClinton lists litany of ways she plans to restrict gun rights. 2A will not survive a Hillary presidency. #Debate #BigLeagueTruth
.@realDonaldTrump will PROTECT and DEFEND the Constitution #Debate #BigLeagueTruth #DrainTheSwamp https://t.co/mNTio22WK8
The 2nd Amendment is under siege. We need SCOTUS judges who will uphold the US Constitution. #Debate #BigLeagueTruth
Hillary Clinton wants to create the most liberal Supreme Court in history #debate #DrainTheSwamp https://t.co/fKJBNXvluh
Ready to lead. Ready to Make America Great Again. #Debate #MAGA
This is an incredible MOVEMENT- WE are going to take our country BACK! #November8th #BigLeagueTruth #Debate https://t.co/BT4VgYTkBr
Tune in at https://t.co/Q08Kp4w3oT and get the word out #BigLeagueTruth #Debate Help us spread the TRUTH, stop the… https://t.co/GS9YQYzF6x
I will be handing over my Twitter account to my team of deplorables for tonight's #debate#MakeAmericaGreatAgain
UNBELIEVABLE!Clinton campaign contractor caught in voter-fraud video is a felon who visited White House 342 times: https://t.co/qQdsMHAtkT
'Over 250,000 to Lose Health Insurance in Battleground North Carolina Due to #Obamacare'https://t.co/18McSKO2AY
Join my team tonight at 8:30pmE!https://t.co/ZqJmf4yB87 https://t.co/ncJXn6fURF
I will issue a lifetime ban against senior executive branch officials lobbying on behalf of a FOREIGN GOVERNMENT!… https://t.co/GQizTdCdFC
I am going to expand the definition of LOBBYIST - so we close all the LOOPHOLES! #DrainTheSwamp https://t.co/PBPrrEnfSK
Obamacare premiums increasing 33% in Pennsylvania - a complete disaster. It must be repealed and replaced!… https://t.co/aDZEfcI7SM
'Hillary Clinton Deleted Emails With Her Email Server Technician'https://t.co/VvO4lTKsaj
Join me in Delaware, Ohio tomorrow at 12:30pm! #DrainTheSwamp Tickets: https://t.co/TWRFY1ryY8 https://t.co/Zd1KjzlCtJ
'Top Hillary Adviser Mocked, Plotted Attacks on Pro-Sanders Civil Rights Leader' #DrainTheSwamp https://t.co/ER5FtjZgjw
'Dem Operative Who Oversaw Trump Rally Agitators Visited White House 342 Times' #DrainTheSwamp https://t.co/MO4SJaQMzo
'State works hard, and illegally, for Clinton' #DrainTheSwamp https://t.co/zXvUnJTKhF
'Scandals surround Clinton's gatekeeper at State'#DrainTheSwamp https://t.co/xxTTZeMYAc
The State Department's 'shadow government' #DrainTheSwamp https://t.co/UtbqlGrYJh
More Anti-Catholic Emails From Team Clinton: https://t.co/KYirBbYjp2 https://t.co/f8Z7olUvlM
It is time to #DrainTheSwamp!https://t.co/U2XeM2vDJK
‘Food Groups’ – Emails Show Clinton Campaign Organized Potential VPs By Race And Gender: https://t.co/Qk1fOm1t8L
#DrainTheSwamp https://t.co/wqqPjxfBoJ
Time to #DrainTheSwamp in Washington, D.C. and VOTE #TrumpPence16 on 11/8/2016. Together, we will MAKE AMERICA SAFE… https://t.co/rVcjXdWxzp
Hillary is the most corrupt person to ever run for the presidency of the United States. #DrainTheSwamp https://t.co/xA3YO8YzCq
'Clinton Campaign Tried to Limit Damage From Classified Info on Email Server' #DrainTheSwamp https://t.co/5j8WuKLL5o
'Trump rally disrupter was once on Clinton's payroll'https://t.co/75oLLuD4SI
Thank you Colorado Springs. If I’m elected President I am going to keep Radical Islamic Terrorists out of our count… https://t.co/N74UK73RLK
FL, KS, ME, MD, MN, NJ, OR &amp; WV! It's the LAST DAY to mail in voter reg forms. Get the forms at… https://t.co/CbpgL6wynY
It is time to #DrainTheSwamp in Washington, D.C! Vote Nov. 8th to take down the #RIGGED system! https://t.co/Ox9hH13Q9I
Hillary’s Aides Urged Her to Take Foreign Lobbyist Donation And Deal With Attacks: https://t.co/o2qvr1myIZ
Nevada: A quick reminder that today is your last day to register to vote! https://t.co/ZnPgnu8vCS https://t.co/gF8ErCzTC1
If we let Crooked run the govt, history will remember 2017 as the year America lost its independence. #DrainTheSwamp https://t.co/VpYiO8CnXQ
Pay-to-play. Collusion. Cover-ups. And now bribery? So CROOKED. I will #DrainTheSwamp. https://t.co/FNzMit7mD8
I will Make Our Government Honest Again -- believe me. But first, I'm going to have to #DrainTheSwamp in DC. https://t.co/m1lMAQPnIb
Great night in WI. I’m going to fight for every person in this country who believes government should serve the PEO… https://t.co/UIKwWNmwR7
Donald J. Trump Ethics Reform Plan For Washington D.C.https://t.co/lKzas1SqUA
EXCLUSIVE: FBI Agents Say Comey ‘Stood In The Way’ Of Clinton Email Investigation:https://t.co/6n63fHVvNo
Get rich quick! Crooked Hillary Clinton's pay to play guide: https://t.co/uKh5sCFfrv
Yet more evidence of a media-rigged election: https://t.co/rVh4ocgx3r
My wife, Melania, will be interviewed tonight at 8:00pm by Anderson Cooper on @CNN. I have no doubt she will do very well. Enjoy!
I will sign the first bill to repeal #Obamacare and give Americans many choices and much lower rates!
Trump Virginia Office Announces Statewide TV Ad Strategy and Leadership Team: https://t.co/wVJZTjY8bA https://t.co/JUBRu4mqCE
Join me in Colorado Springs, Colorado tomorrow at 1:00pm! #MAGA Tickets: https://t.co/ktFk8RuaUK
Crooked Hillary colluded w/FBI and DOJ and media is covering up to protect her. It's a #RiggedSystem! Our country d… https://t.co/kuinRTImVJ
New polls are good because the media has deceived the public by putting women front and center with made-up stories and lies, and got caught
"Journalists shower Hillary Clinton with campaign cash"https://t.co/qZPPX0LO4X https://t.co/NsWbJN01Uu
"State Department official accused of offering 'quid pro quo' in Clinton email scandal" https://t.co/XkmcKeyRPJ
Our thoughts are with the forces fighting ISIS in Iraq. We must never back down against this extreme radical Islami… https://t.co/oEoFIA8Rym
Wow, new polls just came out from @CNN   Great numbers, especially after total media hit job. Leading Ohio 48 - 44.
CORRUPTION CONFIRMED: FBI confirms State Dept. offered 'quid pro quo' to cover up classified emailshttps://t.co/A3mCNBLCsO
Voter fraud! Crooked Hillary Clinton even got the questions to a debate, and nobody says a word. Can you imagine if I got the questions?
Unbelievable. https://t.co/D7kpxlQPwU
??BREAKING??: "State Department's Kennedy pressured FBI to unclassify Clinton emails: FBI documents"https://t.co/GYYaneeysA
WikiLeaks proves even the Clinton campaign knew Crooked mishandled classified info, but no one gets charged? RIGGED! https://t.co/FgGxDsS0a1
We have all got to come together and win this election. We can't have four more years of Obama (or worse!).
Of course there is large scale voter fraud happening on and before election day. Why do Republican leaders deny what is going on? So naive!
Can't believe these totally phoney stories, 100% made up by women (many already proven false) and pushed big time by press, have impact!
ALL SAFE IN ORANGE COUNTY, NORTH CAROLINA. With you all the way, will never forget. Now we have to win. Proud of you all!  @NCGOP
Animals representing Hillary Clinton and Dems in North Carolina just firebombed our office in Orange County because we are winning @NCGOP
Wow, interview released by Wikileakes shows "quid pro quo" in Crooked Hillary e-mail probe.Such a dishonest person - &amp; Paul Ryan does zilch!
Finally, in the new ABC News/Washington Post Poll, Hillary Clinton is down 11 points with WOMEN VOTERS and the election is close at 47-43!
Paul Ryan, a man who doesn't know how to win (including failed run four years ago), must start focusing on the budget, military, vets etc.
The Democrats have a corrupt political machine pushing crooked Hillary Clinton. We have Paul Ryan, always fighting the Republican nominee!
Join me in Wisconsin tomorrow or Colorado on Tuesday!Green Bay- 6pmhttps://t.co/9L917nvCBXColorado Springs- 1pm… https://t.co/972GWZDGEp
“The vast majority felt she should be prosecuted..." -- even senior FBI officials thought Crooked was guilty. https://t.co/AFtDs7HVlt
The election is absolutely being rigged by the dishonest and distorted media pushing Crooked Hillary - but also at many polling places - SAD
We've all wondered how Hillary avoided prosecution for her email scheme. Wikileaks may have found the answer. Obama! https://t.co/xF0wv8Oa8q
Hillary's staff thought her email scandal might just blow over. Who would trust these people with national security? https://t.co/EvBCQoZRG2
A country that Crooked Hillary says has funded ISIS also gave Wild Bill $1 million for his birthday? SO CORRUPT! https://t.co/00s5tgsXrM
They let Crooked &amp; the Gang off the hook for the crime, but it looks like the cover-up is just as bad. Unbelievable! https://t.co/eWjHoq20Dw
Election is being rigged by the media, in a coordinated effort with the Clinton campaign, by putting stories that never happened into news!
Polls close, but can you believe I lost large numbers of women voters based on made up events THAT NEVER HAPPENED. Media rigging election!
Watched Saturday Night Live hit job on me.Time to retire the boring and unfunny show. Alec Baldwin portrayal stinks. Media rigging election!
Thank you for sharing Amy. https://t.co/StfzCeaQgH
A great day in New Hampshire and Maine. Fantastic crowds and energy! #MAGA
Thank you Bangor, Maine! Get out &amp; #VoteTrumpPence16 on 11/8/16- and together we will MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT A… https://t.co/sUSh8v07MW
The failing @nytimes reporters don't even call us anymore, they just write whatever they want to write, making up sources along the way!
Nothing ever happened with any of these women. Totally made up nonsense to steal the election. Nobody has more respect for women than me!
The MOVEMENT in Portsmouth, New Hampshire w/ 7K supporters. THANK YOU! This is the biggest election of our lifetime… https://t.co/4otZyjYLc2
Landing in New Hampshire soon to talk about the massive drug problem there, and all over the country.
The truth is a beautiful weapon. https://t.co/P7FrFhicvw
Mr. Trump removing the broken teleprompter in North Carolina-in front of a massive crowd. He goes on&amp;delivers the b… https://t.co/dyNxc1HDTW
Hillary Clinton should have been prosecuted and should be in jail. Instead she is running for president in what looks like a rigged election
Will be in Bangor, Maine today at 3pm- join me! #MAGATickets: https://t.co/NY7E1FBOB7 https://t.co/5TN2wvnR7J
This election is being rigged by the media pushing false and unsubstantiated charges, and outright lies, in order to elect Crooked Hillary!
100% fabricated and made-up charges, pushed strongly by the media and the Clinton Campaign, may poison the minds of the American Voter. FIX!
Thank you @TrumpWomensTour!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain https://t.co/R4oxaHpsAB
Thank you Charlotte, North Carolina! We are going to have an AMAZING victory on November 8th...because this is all… https://t.co/A7Ql7KuMfT
Make sure you're registered to vote! Let's #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! We can't afford more years of FAILURE! All info:… https://t.co/MgV5urLhB0
Thank you for your support Greensboro, North Carolina. Next stop - Charlotte! #MAGAhttps://t.co/3KWOl2ibaW https://t.co/jjde4W1hz2
WHAT THEY ARE SAYING ABOUT THE CLINTON CAMPAIGN’S ANTI-CATHOLIC BIGOTRY: https://t.co/oRUlaT4zbn
Thank you to our U.S. Navy for protecting our country, both in times of peace &amp; war. Together, WE WILL MAKE AMERICA… https://t.co/v23jCl4tEQ
Join me live in Cincinnati, Ohio!#TrumpRally #MAGAhttps://t.co/MzqgNNVfZb
Join me in Greensboro, North Carolina tomorrow at 2:00pm! #TrumpRallyhttps://t.co/vpLryxCyoq https://t.co/dRra2AqayJ
Dem Gov. of MN. just announced that the Affordable Care Act (Obamacare) is no longer affordable. I've been saying this for years- disaster!
"This is a crossroads in the history of our civilization that will determine whether or not We The People reclaim c… https://t.co/a84WMHpSYy
Great event in Columbus- taking off for Cincinnati now. Great new Ohio poll out- thank you!OHIO NBC/WSJ/MARIST POLLTrump 42% Clinton 41%
Just left a great rally in Florida - now heading to Ohio for two more. Will be there soon.
I am making a major speech in West Palm Beach, Florida at noon. Tune in!
Thank you! #MAGA #AmericaFirst https://t.co/fG313wjlKm
Join me in Ohio &amp; Maine!Cincinnati, Ohio- tonight @ 7:30pm: https://t.co/XlHGD1VrMoBangor, Maine - Saturday @ 3pm… https://t.co/DYHPQYBwpK
The phony story in the failing @nytimes is a TOTAL FABRICATION. Written by same people as last discredited story on women. WATCH!
Why didn't the writer of the twelve year old article in People Magazine mention the "incident" in her story. Because it did not happen!
I will be in Cincinnati, Ohio tomorrow night at 7:30pm- join me! #OhioVotesEarly #VoteTrumpPence16 Tickets:… https://t.co/Bp5iHKbT2d
The MOVEMENT in Lakeland, Florida. Voter registration extended to 10/18. REGISTER ASAP @ https://t.co/HfihPERFgZ &amp;… https://t.co/PygIlshrgv
The people of Cuba have struggled too long. Will reverse Obama's Executive Orders and concessions towards Cuba until freedoms are restored.
PAY TO PLAY POLITICS. #CrookedHillary https://t.co/wjsl8ITVvk
Very little pick-up by the dishonest media of incredible information provided by WikiLeaks. So dishonest! Rigged system!
Crooked Hillary Clinton likes to talk about the things she will do but she has been there for 30 years - why didn't she do them?
Thank you Florida- a MOVEMENT that has never been seen before and will never be seen again. Lets get out &amp;… https://t.co/t9XM9wFDZI
Join me Thursday in Florida &amp; Ohio!West Palm Beach, FL at noon:https://t.co/jwbZnQhxg9Cincinnati, OH this 7:30pm:https://t.co/5w2UhalPIx
Wow, @CNN Town Hall questions were given to Crooked Hillary Clinton in advance of big debates against Bernie Sanders. Hillary &amp; CNN FRAUD!
Thank you Texas! If you haven't registered to VOTE- today is your last day. Go to: https://t.co/HfihPEA3Sp &amp; get ou… https://t.co/gxbDRD4x2k
VOTER REGISTRATION DEADLINES TODAY. You can register now at: https://t.co/HfihPEA3Sp and get out to… https://t.co/LlFdF0DRX4
DON'T LET HER FOOL US AGAIN. https://t.co/3QSoADFh7S
Crooked's State Dept gave special attention to "Friends of Bill" after the Haiti Earthquake. Unbelievable! https://t.co/opP2l8ln0J
I hope people are looking at the disgraceful behavior of Hillary Clinton as exposed by WikiLeaks. She is unfit to run.
In Texas now, leaving soon for BIG rally in Florida!
The very foul mouthed Sen. John McCain begged for my support during his  primary (I gave, he won), then dropped me over locker room remarks!
13 states have voter registration deadlines TODAY: FL, OH, PA, MI, GA, TX, NM, IN, LA, TN, AR, KY, SC.Register: https://t.co/wAtnFpN6wL
Wow. Unbelievable. https://t.co/RcBPCcmwnD
Disloyal R's are far more difficult than Crooked Hillary. They come at you from all sides. They don’t know how to win - I will teach them!
With the exception of cheating Bernie out of the nom the Dems have always proven to be far more loyal to each other than the Republicans!
It is so nice that the shackles have been taken off me and I can now fight for America the way I want to.
Our very weak and ineffective leader, Paul Ryan, had a bad conference call where his members went wild at his disloyalty.
Despite winning the second debate in a landslide (every poll), it is hard to do well when Paul Ryan and others give zero support!
Thank you Pennsylvania. This is a MOVEMENT like we have never seen before! #VoteTrumpPence16 on 11/8/16- together,… https://t.co/x0197JL5RU
Is this really America? Terrible! https://t.co/WiwC61PIFu
Wow, @CNN got caught fixing their "focus group" in order to make Crooked Hillary look better. Really pathetic and totally dishonest!
Debate polls look great - thank you!#MAGA #AmericaFirst https://t.co/4peQ3Sswdz
CNN is the worst - fortunately they have bad ratings because everyone knows they are biased. https://t.co/oFRfNY2rUY
Paul Ryan should spend more time on balancing the budget, jobs and illegal immigration and not waste his time on fighting Republican nominee
Thank you for all of the great comments on the debate last night. Very exciting!
Thank you St. Louis, Missouri!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain  https://t.co/2llBltf0mE https://t.co/wBmVxf1a9D
MY PRO-GROWTH Econ Plan:?Eliminate excessive regulations! ?Lean government!?Lower taxes!#Debates … https://t.co/OchcnuSAgR
Hypocrite: @HillaryClinton is the single biggest beneficiary of Citizens United in history, by far. #debate #bigleaguetruth
Our country has the slowest growth since 1929. #BigLeagueTruth #debate
@AC360: “How can you unite a country if you’ve written off tens of millions of Americans?” #Deplorables #BigLeagueTruth #Debate
This country cannot take four more years of Barack Obama! #Debate
We agree @POTUS-"SHE'LL (Hillary Clinton) SAY ANYTHING &amp; CHANGE NOTHING. IT'S TIME TO TURN THE PAGE" -President Obama
If @HillaryClinton is president, she’ll be all talk and nothing will get done. #Debate #BigLeagueTruth
FACT ?? on “red line” in Syria: HRC "I wasn’t there." Fact: line drawn in Aug ’12. HRC Secy of State til Feb ’13. https://t.co/4yZjH3TR5B
In my administration, EVERY American will be treated equally, protected equally, and honored equally #Debate #BigLeagueTruth
We cannot let this evil continue! #Debates2016 https://t.co/f6BxYyRJID
This is the definition of ransom ? https://t.co/370piI2JLp
The world is most peaceful, and most prosperous when America is strongest. https://t.co/Y2Dx7xyBBs
Here are Hillary Clinton's "accomplishments" at the State Department.#Debates2016 #RattledHillary https://t.co/iouuqXYAdq
History lesson: There’s a big difference between Hillary Clinton and Abraham Lincoln. For one, his nickname is Hone… https://t.co/A5JDkz1eCE
We're going to cut taxes BIG LEAGUE for the middle class. She's raising your taxes and I'm lowering your taxes!https://t.co/ZwIkqNH2FX
"YOU NEED BOTH A PUBLIC AND A PRIVATE POSITION"@HillaryClinton #Debates2016 https://t.co/oI2qi2HAdO
Hypocrite! @HillaryClinton claims she needs a “public and a private stance” in discussions with Wall Street banks. #Debate
I hope when the MSM runs its “interruption counters” they consider the # of times the moderators interrupted me com… https://t.co/pHEjp8bZVP
.@HillaryClinton - ITS CALLED EXTREME VETTING! #Debates2016 https://t.co/ueq7cbOg9Y
.@HillaryClinton #ICYMI- "WE ARE NOT IN A NARRATIVE FIGHT."@Mike_Pence #MAGA https://t.co/FUQzXlyPwY
#CrookedHillary has FAILED all over the world! ?? #BigLeagueTruth #Debates2016 https://t.co/dalk9JKcFg
.@HillaryClinton is NOT above the law!#Debates2016 https://t.co/4arYZcGgYZ
.@HillaryClinton : Bill “clarified” what he meant when calling Obamacare a “disaster.” Actually “disaster” is pretty clear. #Debate
We must repeal Obamacare and replace it with a much more competitive, comprehensive, affordable system. #debate #MAGA
Obama and Clinton told the same lie to sell #ObamaCare. #Debates2016 https://t.co/vhOLtHrR66
ATTN: @HillaryClinton - Why did five of your staffers need FBI IMMUNITY?! #BigLeagueTruth #Debates
Hillary’s 33,000 deleted emails about her daughter’s wedding. That’s a lot of wedding emails. #debate
Basically nothing Hillary has said about her secret server has been true. #CrookedHillary
If I win-I am going to instruct my AG to get a special prosecutor to look into your situation bc there's never been anything like your lies.
Donald J. Trump's History Of Empowering Women #BigLeagueTruthhttps://t.co/oY2YSPz7nB
There’s never been anyone more abusive to women in politics than Bill Clinton.My words were unfortunate-the Clintons’ actions were far worse
I’m not proud of my locker room talk. But this world has serious problems. We need serious leaders. #debate #BigLeagueTruth
It’s this simple. “Make America Great Again.” #debate #BigLeagueTruth
My team of deplorables will be taking over my Twitter account for tonight's #debate#MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Join me on #FacebookLive as I conclude my final #debate preparations. https://t.co/gAbNvI8Fd7
The Palestinian terror attack today reminds the world of the grievous perils facing Israeli citizens....continued:https://t.co/d2Upx5FitC
Exclusive Video–Broaddrick, Willey, Jones to Bill's Defenders: ‘These Are Crimes,’ ‘Terrified’ of ‘Enabler’ Hillary https://t.co/DMfLsIbtU1
LA Times- USC Dornsife Sunday Poll: Donald Trump Retains 2 Point Lead Over Hillary:https://t.co/n05rul4Ycw
So many self-righteous hypocrites. Watch their poll numbers - and elections - go down!
EXCLUSIVE — Video Interview: Bill Clinton Accuser Juanita Broaddrick Relives Brutal Rapes:https://t.co/9j7f8VK9Md
Tremendous support (except for some Republican "leadership"). Thank you.
Thank you to my great supporters in Wisconsin. I heard that the crowd and enthusiasm was unreal!
The media and establishment want me out of the race so badly -  I WILL NEVER DROP OUT OF THE RACE, WILL NEVER LET MY SUPPORTERS DOWN! #MAGA
Certainly has been an interesting 24 hours!
Here is my statement. https://t.co/WAZiGoQqMQ
Thoughts &amp; prayers with the millions of people in the path of Hurricane Matthew. Look out for neighbors, and listen… https://t.co/JqjyTiKicD
New National Rasmussen Poll: https://t.co/BnAveA5OuP
Thank you Tennessee! #MAGA https://t.co/OoDFmerQ5B
VOTE #TrumpPence16 on 11/8/16! https://t.co/12zAk8VmgK
'Donald Trump: A President for All Americans' https://t.co/3lU2vrUE3t
Volunteer to be a Trump Election Observer. Sign up today!#MakeAmericaGreatAgainhttps://t.co/ZzFHlsWnh4
Praying for everyone in Florida. Hoping the hurricane dissipates, but in any event, please be careful.
New Virginia poll- thank you! We are going to show the whole world that America is back – BIGGER, and BETTER, and S… https://t.co/2CikEXb0G7
Pennsylvania poll just released. Two rallies there on Mon- join me!Ambridge: https://t.co/TujWDWcgd3Wilkes-Barre:… https://t.co/TeIeCttUpP
Nation's Immigration And Customs Enforcement Officers (ICE) Make First-Ever Presidential Endorsement:https://t.co/eO1UY5N9J1
Such a great honor! https://t.co/vt4AmLdkeP
Amazing rally in Reno, Nevada- thank you. Make sure you get out on 11/8 &amp; VOTE #TrumpPence16. Together, we will put… https://t.co/6gPJhb29xk
Reuters polling just out- thank you!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain https://t.co/UMY6kOiSTu
Thank you South Carolina! Everyone has to get out and VOTE on 11/8/16. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain… https://t.co/os7EmRCdPf
EARLY VOTING: MN &amp; IA already underway, more states coming up in the next week: OH, ME, AZ, IN — check w/local officials for details &amp; VOTE!
'Small business says Trump is their pick for president'https://t.co/tzVN9QgPFS
Thank you @SenJohnMcCain for your kind remarks on the important issue of PTSD and the dishonest media. Great to be in Arizona yesterday!
Bill Clinton is right: Obamacare is 'crazy', 'doesn't work' and 'doesn't make sense'.  Thanks Bill for telling the truth.
Thank you Henderson, NV. This is a MOVEMENT like never seen before! Watch some of the rally via my Facebook page:… https://t.co/dNF8G4VUqY
About to begin a rally here in Henderson, Nevada. New Reuters poll just out- thank you! Join the MOVEMENT:… https://t.co/uvbntNsxGl
Beautiful morning- thank you @ICLV! https://t.co/xzJhrLgjHP
The constant interruptions last night by Tim Kaine should not have been allowed. Mike Pence won big!
Mike Pence won big. We should all be proud of Mike!
Clinton’s Top Aides Were Mired In Conflict Of Interest At The State Department: https://t.co/wWfdaECtVu#VPDebate #BigLeagueTruth
.@HillaryClinton’s Careless Use Of A Secret Server Put National Security At Risk: https://t.co/OiAEMnrGcy #VPDebate#BigLeagueTruth
CLINTON IS WEAK ON NORTH KOREA:https://t.co/8pRednmnFX #VPDebate
CLINTON’S CLOSE TIES TO PUTIN DESERVE SCRUTINY:https://t.co/wPYm5vQoyt #VPDebate
Sanctions Relief From Clinton-Obama Iran Nuclear Deal Likely Go to Terrorists:https://t.co/lM80JriF9k #BigLeagueTruth #VPDebate
.@timkaine is wrong for defense: https://t.co/QN9qqoq1kH #BigLeagueTruth #VPDebate
ICYMI: PENCE: I RAN A STATE THAT WORKED; KAINE RAN A STATE THAT FAILED. https://t.co/XuWaueNkH0
.@timkaine is the ANTI-DEFENSE SENATOR. #VPDebate #BigLeagueTruth https://t.co/qWkvGFARA1
CLINTON’S FLAILING SYRIA POLICY WAS JUDGED A FAILURE:https://t.co/ICZxn7Q3vZ #VPDebate
.@mike_pence and I will defeat #ISIS.https://t.co/oCIIDwtptV #VPDebate
WHAT THEY ARE SAYING ABOUT MIKE PENCE “DOMINATING” THE DEBATE:https://t.co/mUw9S5GgNM #VPDebate
I agree Mike - thank you to all of our law enforcement officers! #VPDebate "Police officers are the best of us..."@Mike_Pence
.@HillaryClinton Sneers At Millions Of Average Americans.https://t.co/gEfURjRCfu #VPDebate #BigLeagueTruth
.@timkaine oversaw unemployment INCREASE by 179,249 while @mike_pence DECREASED unemployment in Indiana by 113,826.… https://t.co/wFQM8kg287
.@mike_pence is doing a great job - so far, no contest!
.@megynkelly- I am in Nevada. Sorry to inform you Kellyanne is in the audience. Better luck next time.
Both are looking good! Now we begin!
Here we go - Enjoy!
I will be live-tweeting the V.P. Debate. Very exciting! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Wow, @CNN is so negative. Their panel is a joke, biased and very dumb. I'm turning to @FoxNews where we get a fair shake! Mike will do great
Wow, did you just hear Bill Clinton's statement on how bad ObamaCare is. Hillary not happy. As I have been saying, REPEAL AND REPLACE!
Join the MOVEMENT!https://t.co/3KWOl20zMm https://t.co/BS5JLelPJd
Thank you ARIZONA! This is a MOVEMENT like nobody has ever seen before. Together, we are going to MAKE AMERICA SAFE… https://t.co/EwP4hnaeoE
My childcare plan makes a difference for working families - more money, more freedom. #AmericaFirst means… https://t.co/X3Yn3FZphf
I will be watching the great Governor @Mike_Pence and live tweeting the VP debate tonight starting at 8:30pm est! Enjoy!
Join me in Reno, Nevada tomorrow at 3:30pm! #AmericaFirst #MAGATickets: https://t.co/DJ7JJUkkz7
Join me in Reno, Nevada on Wednesday at 3:30pm at the Reno-Sparks Convention Center! #MAGATickets:… https://t.co/G0NvFLQWgS
Thank you Colorado! #MAGAhttps://t.co/3KWOl20zMmhttps://t.co/M7QhdCgRzw https://t.co/wIGNtKPA2X
We must bring the truth directly to hard-working Americans who want to take our country back. #BigLeagueTruth… https://t.co/0iAeiPYEhO
Thank you Pueblo, Colorado! #TrumpRally #AmericaFirsthttps://t.co/3KWOl20zMm https://t.co/rFAf7xYNhy
Join me in Henderson, Nevada on Wednesday at 11:30am! #MAGA Tickets: https://t.co/pWTYv9BbUE
Just announced that Iraq (U.S.) is preparing for battle to reclaim Mosul. Why do they have to announce this? Makes mission much harder!
Melania and I extend our warmest greetings to those observing Rosh Hashanah here in the United States, in Israel, and around the world.
Bernie should pull his endorsement of Crooked Hillary after she decieved him and then attacked him and his supporters.
I have created tens of thousands of jobs and will bring back great American prosperity. Hillary has only created jobs at the FBI and DOJ!
I know our complex tax laws better than anyone who has ever run for president and am the only one who can fix them. #failing@nytimes
Heading to Pennsylvania for a big rally tonight. We will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Wow, just saw the really bad @CNN ratings. People don't want to watch bad product that only builds up Crooked Hillary.
The so-called Commission on Presidential Debates admitted to us that the DJT audio &amp; sound level was very bad. So why didn't they fix it?
I won the debate if you decide without watching the totally one-sided "spin" that followed. This despite the really bad microphone.
Crooked H is nasty to Sanders supporters behind closed doors. Owned by Wall St and Politicians, HRC is not with you. https://t.co/WN1lyCDXla
I believe in #AmericaFirst and that means FAMILY FIRST! My childcare plan reflects the needs of modern working-clas… https://t.co/RCnZZtTk4c
Thank you Novi, Michigan! Get out and VOTE #TrumpPence16 on 11/8. Together, WE WILL MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!… https://t.co/n7Gd6Xc18H
Thank you for your support - on my way now! See you soon. #TrumpTrain https://t.co/SYuRpzosb5
Join me in Pueblo, Colorado on Monday afternoon at 3pm! #TrumpRallyhttps://t.co/3P3QZxzSPJ
For those few people knocking me for tweeting at three o'clock in the morning, at least you know I will be there, awake, to answer the call!
Why isn't Hillary 50 points ahead? Maybe it's the email scandal, policies that spread ISIS, or calling millions of… https://t.co/yKz9vCz8O1
The people are really smart in cancelling subscriptions to the Dallas &amp; Arizona papers &amp; now USA Today will lose readers! The people get it!
Remember, don't believe "sources said" by the VERY dishonest media. If they don't name the sources, the sources don't exist.
Did Crooked Hillary help disgusting (check out sex tape and past) Alicia M become a U.S. citizen so she could use her in the debate?
Using Alicia M in the debate as a paragon of virtue just shows that Crooked Hillary suffers from BAD JUDGEMENT! Hillary was set up by a con.
Wow, Crooked Hillary was duped and used by my worst Miss U. Hillary floated her as an "angel" without checking her past, which is terrible!
Anytime you see a story about me or my campaign saying "sources said," DO NOT believe it. There are no sources, they are just made up lies!
Wow, did you see how badly @CNN (Clinton News Network) is doing in the ratings. With people like @donlemon, who could expect any more?
While Hillary profits off the rigged system, I am fighting for you! Remember the simple phrase: #FollowTheMoney… https://t.co/8mVInc82E9
Thank you for joining me this afternoon, New Hampshire! Will be back soon. #FollowTheMoneySpeech transcript:… https://t.co/VtUkDgF4vs
Join me in Manheim, Pennsylvania on Saturday at 7pm! #TrumpRallyTickets: https://t.co/ADOGW34ctF https://t.co/LNWQZ9yUJy
My condolences to those involved in today's horrible accident in NJ and my deepest gratitude to all of the amazing first responders.
Will be in Novi, Michigan this Friday at 5:00pm. Join the MOVEMENT! Tickets available at: https://t.co/Q6APf0ZFYA… https://t.co/6WAyO9eQHN
Join me in Bedford, New Hampshire- tomorrow at 3:00pm. Can't wait to see everyone! #AmericaFirst #MAGA… https://t.co/oeOJFAS7it
Thank you Waukesha, Wisconsin! Full transcript of my speech, #FollowTheMoney:https://t.co/Xb1yyDSNNf https://t.co/WdKK6nJCZW
Joining @oreillyfactor from Waukesha, Wisconsin - now, live! Enjoy!
Join me live in Waukesha, Wisconsin for an 8pmE rally! #AmericaFirst #MAGAhttps://t.co/G8kGLSFy6S
Thank you Council Bluffs, Iowa! Will be back soon. Remember- everything you need to know about Hillary -- just… https://t.co/45kIHxdX83
An honor to meet with the Polish American Congress in Chicago this morning! #ImWithYou Video:… https://t.co/lBFHoWRqox
Melania and I extend our deepest condolences to the family of Shimon Peres...https://t.co/xeGYL2IzUP
Join me in Council Bluffs, Iowa- today at 3pm! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Tickets: https://t.co/iRL3xh37gF
Every on-line poll, Time Magazine, Drudge etc., has me winning the debate. Thank you to Fox &amp; Friends for so reporting!
My supporters are the best! $18 million from hard-working people who KNOW what we can be again! Shatter the record: https://t.co/8ZHGyOth0f
Unbelievable evening in Melbourne, Florida w/ 15,000 supporters- and an additional 12,000 who could not get in. Tha… https://t.co/VU5wh2zXBU
Join me for a 3pm rally - tomorrow at the Mid-America Center in Council Bluffs, Iowa! Tickets:… https://t.co/dfzsbICiXc
Once again, we will have a government of, by and for the people. Join the MOVEMENT today! https://t.co/lWjYDbPHav https://t.co/uYwJrtZkAe
Hillary Clinton's Campaign Continues To Make False Claims About Foundation Disclosure: https://t.co/zhkEfUouHH
'CNBC, Time magazine online polls say Donald Trump won the first presidential debate' via @WashTimes. #MAGAhttps://t.co/PGimqYKPoJ
Great afternoon in Little Havana with Hispanic community leaders. Thank you for your support! #ImWithYou https://t.co/vxWZ2tyJTF
In the last 24 hrs. we have raised over $13M from online donations and National Call Day, and we’re still going! Thank you America! #MAGA
Well, now they're saying that I not only won the NBC Presidential Forum, but last night the big debate. Nice!
Thank you for your endorsement, @GovernorSununu. #MAGA https://t.co/8BEeQPsuyd
Such a great honor. Final debate polls are in - and the MOVEMENT wins!#AmericaFirst #MAGA #ImWithYou… https://t.co/DV1BKMwHEM
'U.S. Murders Increased 10.8% in 2015' via @WSJ: https://t.co/CIJMQJhLqp
Thank you! #TrumpWon #MAGA https://t.co/a5rr1i38km
Hillary's been failing for 30 years in not getting the job done - it will never change.
'True blue-collar billionaire Donald Trump shows Hillary Clinton is out of touch' https://t.co/NHO1OicfVm
The #1 trend on Twitter right now is #TrumpWon - thank you!
I won every poll from last nights Presidential Debate - except for the little watched @CNN poll.
'How Trump won over a bar full of undecideds and Democrats'https://t.co/WWO39kxn8Y
I really enjoyed the debate last night.Crooked Hillary says she is going to do so many things.Why hasn't she done them in her last 30 years?
Great debate poll numbers - I will be on @foxandfriends at 7:00 to discuss. Enjoy!
Thank you! Four new #DebateNight polls with the MOVEMENT winning. Together, we will MAKE AMERICA SAFE &amp; GREAT AGAIN… https://t.co/39FCnUf8Pb
.@DRUDGE_REPORT's First Presidential Debate Poll:Trump: 80%Clinton: 20%Join the MOVEMENT today &amp; lets #MAGA!… https://t.co/B12lgC97tn
Thank you! CNBC #DebateNight poll with over 400,000 votes. Trump 61%Clinton 39%#AmericaFirst #ImWithYou… https://t.co/MJ3NwA98op
TIME #DebateNight poll - over 800,000 votes. Thank you! #AmericaFirst #MAGA https://t.co/bTPX9E0wKu
.@newtgingrich just said "a historic victory for Trump." NICE!
Wow, did great in the debate polls (except for @CNN - which I don't watch). Thank you!
Thank you Governor @TerryBranstad! #AmericaFirst #Debates2016 https://t.co/yIeZctdQy8
Thank you Governor @Mike_Pence!Lets MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN with the American people. #AmericaFirst… https://t.co/6k7qP9X8nC
Thank you Senator @TedCruz!#Debates2016 #MAGA https://t.co/cgO6109USJ
.@HillaryClinton’s Nuclear Agreement Paved The Way For The $400 Million Ransom Payment #DebateNighthttps://t.co/qfZTx6aKYs
Nothing on emails. Nothing on the corrupt Clinton Foundation. And nothing on #Benghazi. #Debates2016 #debatenight
.@HillaryClinton - Obama #ISIS Strategy Has Allowed It To Expand To Become A Global Threat #DebateNight https://t.co/f7PctDE31L
Russia has more warheads than ever, N Korea is testing nukes, and Iran got a sweetheart deal to keep theirs. Thanks, @HillaryClinton.
Hillary Clinton failed all over the world. ?LIBYA?SYRIA?IRAN?IRAQ?ASIA PIVOT?RUSSIAN RESET?BENGHAZI… https://t.co/OoakXs2rij
Hillary Clinton is the only candidate on stage who voted for the Iraq War. #Debates2016 #MAGA https://t.co/Um5WJXEEKr
.@HillaryClinton's 2008 Campaign And Supporters Trafficked In Rumors About Obama's Heritage #DebateNight https://t.co/6EEOAaCiNv
I will stand with police and protect ALL Americans! #Debates2016 #MAGA https://t.co/CX4oEWgEMp
This is the simple fact about @HillaryClinton: she is a typical politician - all talk, no action. #Debates2016
HILLARY'S BAD TAX HABIT! https://t.co/x3FBy8Hdq2
A Clinton economy = more taxes and more spending! #DebateNight https://t.co/oFlaAhrwe5
.@HillaryClinton has been part of the rigged DC system for 30 years? Why would we take policy advice from her? #Debates2016
Instead of driving jobs and wealth away, AMERICA will become the world's great magnet for innovation and job creati… https://t.co/02NMQn3ZNQ
.@HillaryClinton channels John Kerry on trade: she was for bad trade deals before she was against them. #TPP #Debates2016
.@HillaryClinton and Obama policies increased debt by $9trillion over the last 8 years
Why isn't Hillary Clinton 50 points ahead?#DebateNight https://t.co/iux7icIkaT
My team of deplorables will be managing my Twitter account for this evenings debate. Tune in!#DebateNight #TrumpPence16
New national Bloomberg poll just released - thank you! Join the MOVEMENT: https://t.co/3KWOl2ibaW. #TrumpTrain… https://t.co/xDGCwYVK0Q
Really sad news: The great Arnold Palmer, the "King," has died. There was no-one like him - a true champion! He will be truly missed.
Five people killed in Washington State by a Middle Eastern immigrant. Many people died this weekend in Ohio from drug overdoses. N.C. riots!
Readout of my meeting with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu:https://t.co/VHuyE65hgi https://t.co/6KDPrQxSED
Looking forward to my meeting with Benjamin Netanyahu in Trump Tower at 10:00 A.M.
Bernie Sanders gave Hillary the Dem nomination when he gave up on the e-mails. That issue has only gotten bigger!
Many on the team and staff of Bernie Sanders have been treated badly by the Hillary Clinton campaign - and they like Trump on trade, a lot!
Thank you Roanoke, Virginia - this a MOVEMENT - join us today!Sign up: https://t.co/NQEgRxQN2m#AmericaFirst… https://t.co/Rz3DkpBQJu
If dopey Mark Cuban of failed Benefactor fame wants to sit in the front row, perhaps I will put Gennifer Flowers right alongside of him!
Will be back in Virginia tonight- for a 6pm rally at the Berglund Center in Roanoke. Join me! Tickets:… https://t.co/6pQMSgPWuN
The @SenTedCruz endorsement was a wonderful surprise. I greatly appreciate his support! We will have a tremendous victory on November 8th.
Today is the day! Knock on doors and make calls with us on National Day of Action! #TrumpTrain #MAGA… https://t.co/4iW06ROvsT
Crooked Hillary's bad judgement forced her to announce that she would go to Charlotte on Saturday to grandstand. Dem pols said no way, dumb!
Join me in Roanoke, Virginia tomorrow at the Berglund Center- Coliseum ~ 6pm! Tickets available at:… https://t.co/bnEE6NX41Z
'How Trump Would Stimulate the U.S. Economy'https://t.co/jU3HHglnIu
Hillary Clinton just lost every Republican she ever had, including Never Trump, all farmers &amp; sm. biz, by saying she’ll tax estates at 65%.
Tomorrow's the day! Knock on doors and make calls with us on National Day of Action! #TrumpTrain #MAGA… https://t.co/05NY0wJHkL
Spoke with Governor @PatMcCroryNC of North Carolina today. He is doing a tremendous job under tough circumstances.
This is more than a campaign- it is a movement. #MakeAmericaGreatAgainSIGN UP TODAY &amp; WE WILL WIN! https://t.co/2XBs5SSRC3
Join me in Roanoke, Virginia on Saturday evening at 6pm! #MAGAhttps://t.co/uKG55Pznwu
Will be on @foxandfriends now.
I will be interviewed from Cleveland, Ohio, on @seanhannity - Tonight at 10:00 P.M. Enjoy!
.@YoungDems4Trump  Thank you!
Great new polls! Thank you Nevada, North Carolina &amp; Ohio. Join the MOVEMENT today &amp; lets #MAGA!… https://t.co/Y8Sb8MNyXA
Thank you Toledo, Ohio! It is so important for you to get out and VOTE on November 8, 2016! Lets MAKE AMERICA SAFE… https://t.co/MQdp4GgLIE
Hopefully the violence &amp; unrest in Charlotte will come to an immediate end. To those injured, get well soon. We need unity &amp; leadership.
The situations in Tulsa and Charlotte are tragic. We must come together to make America safe again.
It is a MOVEMENT - not a campaign. Leaving the past behind, changing our future. Together, we will MAKE AMERICA SAF… https://t.co/Lt2L3NKzyi
Thank you Kenansville, North Carolina! Remember- on November 8th, that special interest gravy train is coming to a… https://t.co/AysJRMzvKw
Thank you High Point, NC! I will fight for every neglected part of this nation &amp; I will fight to bring us together… https://t.co/DSaUpSptBz
Hillary Clinton is taking the day off again, she needs the rest. Sleep well Hillary - see you at the debate!
Heading to North Carolina for two big rallies. Will be there soon. We will bring jobs back where they belong!
Do people notice Hillary is copying my airplane rallies - she puts the plane behind her like I have been doing from the beginning.
Thank you Nevada! #AmericaFirst#MakeAmericaGreatAgain https://t.co/3KWOl2ibaW https://t.co/RJqHgq2Rn0
Thank you Georgia! #AmericaFirst#MakeAmericaGreatAgain https://t.co/3KWOl2ibaW https://t.co/y01qpON7h7
Crooked Hillary has been fighting ISIS, or whatever she has been doing, for years. Now she has new ideas. It is time for change.
Amazing rally in Florida - this is a MOVEMENT! Join us today at https://t.co/3KWOl2ibaW. https://t.co/BF1IqPXNho
Together, we will MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN! #ImWithYou #AmericaFirst https://t.co/XhwUGw0v2H
I will be interviewed on the @oreillyfactor - tonight from Florida, now. Enjoy!
Philly FOP Chief On Presidential Endorsement: Clinton ‘Blew The Police Off' https://t.co/ATBY343pS1
Hillary Clinton's weakness while she was Secretary of State, has emboldened terrorists all over the world..cont: https://t.co/E5BdTiwlur
Once again someone we were told is ok turns out to be a terrorist who wants to destroy our country &amp; its people- how did he get thru system?
Great job once again by law enforcement! We are proud of them and should embrace them - without them, we don't have a country!
Will be on @foxandfriends at 7:02 A.M.  Enjoy.
Terrible attacks in NY, NJ and MN this weekend. Thinking of victims, their families and all Americans! We need to be strong!
Under the leadership of Obama &amp; Clinton, Americans have experienced more attacks at home than victories abroad. Time to change the playbook!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY - to the United States Air Force!! https://t.co/5Gwi1M5R2t
I would like to express my warmest regards, best wishes and condolences to all of the families and victims of the horrible bombing in NYC.
Never met but never liked dopey Robert Gates. Look at the mess the U.S. is in. Always speaks badly of his many bosses, including Obama.
Heading to Colorado for a big rally. Massive crowd, great people! Will be there soon - the polls are looking good.
My lawyers want to sue the failing @nytimes so badly for irresponsible intent. I said no (for now), but they are watching. Really disgusting
The failing @nytimes has gone nuts that Crooked Hillary is doing so badly. They are willing to say anything, has become a laughingstock rag!
Crazy Maureen Dowd, the wacky columnist for the failing @nytimes, pretends she knows me well--wrong!
Wacky @NYTimesDowd, who hardly knows me, makes up things that I never said for her boring interviews and column. A neurotic dope!
.@CNN just doesn't get it, and that's why their ratings are so low - and getting worse. Boring anti-Trump panelists, mostly losers in life!
I never met former Defense Secretary Robert Gates. He knows nothing about me. But look at the results under his guidance - a total disaster!
Crooked Hillary wants to take your 2nd Amendment rights away. Will guns be taken from her heavily armed Secret Service detail? Maybe not!
My thoughts and prayers go out to the @PhillyPolice &amp; @Penn police officers- in Philadelphia. https://t.co/eyC3W1mweY
"Donald Trump’s birther event is the greatest trick he’s ever pulled"https://t.co/zvVQnxeiQ9
A very interesting take from @KatiePavlich: https://t.co/XaM9yEYCHL
Just arrived in Texas - have been informed two @fortworthpd officers have been shot. My thoughts and prayers are with them.
Just leaving Miami for Houston, Oklahoma and Colorado. Miami crowd was fantastic!
Great parade in The Villages- I love you all. We will #MAGA. Thank you for the incredible support-I will not forget! https://t.co/5qTDijU3hn
I am truly honored and grateful for receiving SO much support from our American heroes...https://t.co/S9bvbysiOr https://t.co/JJQncd3zhf
I am now going to the brand new Trump International, Hotel D.C. for a major statement.
Thank you for a great evening - Laconia, New Hampshire -- will be back soon! #AmericaFirsthttps://t.co/3KWOl2ibaW https://t.co/QWbYm2lY7B
Instead of driving jobs and wealth away, AMERICA will become the WORLD'S great magnet for innovation &amp; job creation! https://t.co/cvu20ZQSVJ
Will be joining @jimmyfallon on @FallonTonight at 11:35pmE tonight. Enjoy!
I will be interviewed by @jessebwatters on @oreillyfactor tonight at 8pm. Enjoy!
Full transcript of economic plan- delivered to the Economic Club of New York. #MAGA https://t.co/xiu9AUiSSD https://t.co/Fsy1diPWjU
Thank you @JerryJrFalwell! https://t.co/jzUQxkW4tB
Thank you to all of our law enforcement officers - across America! #LESM #MAGA https://t.co/Mcbc2JzhN2 https://t.co/4MTmR8kXVb
Thank you for having me! I enjoyed the tour and spending time with everyone. See you soon. #MAGA https://t.co/eNtS7IBPDo
Will be on @foxandfriends at 7:00 A.M. Enjoy!
I was never a fan of Colin Powell after his weak understanding of weapons of mass destruction in Iraq = disaster. We can do much better!
I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends tomorrow at 7am. Enjoy!
Great poll out of Nevada- thank you! See you soon. #MAGA #AmericaFirsthttps://t.co/3KWOl2ibaW https://t.co/27sR3MjjXc
Great evening in Canton, Ohio-thank you! We are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Join us: https://t.co/3KWOl2ibaW https://t.co/4MvwUj9eX9
Honor to have been interviewed by the very wonderful @bishopwtjackson in Detroit last week - tune in at 9pmE. Enjoy! https://t.co/9ahPnfhQ5N
Thank you Ohio! Just landed in Canton for a rally at the Civic Center. Join me at 7pm: https://t.co/s0XVVNyBKf https://t.co/UtCRxykurW
Thank you Florida- can't wait to see you Friday in Miami! Join me:https://t.co/rsx313493u https://t.co/JxsWXz05T9
Thank you @ATFD17! #ImWithYouVideo: https://t.co/z9Yg83VTF4
Great poll Florida - thank you! #ImWithYou #AmericaFirst https://t.co/6Odle7j1hd
Thank you Ohio - see you tonight! https://t.co/0DyHkzzWvj
Russia took Crimea during the so-called Obama years. Who wouldn't know this and why does Obama get a free pass?
Why isn't President Obama working instead of campaigning for Hillary Clinton?
Thank you Rep. @CynthiaLummis!https://t.co/4S4pnx4Q6r https://t.co/PLUKlsPXPR
Thank you Rep. @MarshaBlackburn!https://t.co/vxEk0X4ntS https://t.co/9gAk0FWqZ8
Thank you @RepReneeEllmers!https://t.co/1DrZpfa6je https://t.co/rzEw8pQhds
CHILD CARE REFORMS THAT WILL MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!Transcript: https://t.co/rntyxBSb9Jhttps://t.co/5SWmxfVfto https://t.co/j389Quo4bg
#ImWithYou #AmericaFirst https://t.co/Ne4pI7FyU7
Thank you Clive, Iowa!https://t.co/tuZ35BkD9J
Join us today! Together, we will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!https://t.co/v40n8RXgti https://t.co/e3KQfBR2K8
Heading to Iowa- join me today at noon! #MakeAmericaGreatAgainTickets: https://t.co/TEY6BbCyxt https://t.co/QyR2MDYYbZ
Join me in Clive, Iowa tomorrow at noon! #AmericaFirst #MAGATickets: https://t.co/TEY6BbCyxt https://t.co/l17uzRPyLs
Just got back from Asheville,  North Carolina, where we had a massive rally. The spirit of the crowd was unbelievable. Thank you!  #MAGA
Stopped by @TrumpDC to thank all of the tremendous men &amp; women for their hard work! https://t.co/oGcJL4N454
Will be on @CNBC at @7:22. Enjoy!
I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 7:00 A.M.
#NeverForgethttps://t.co/G5TMAUzy0z
The seriously failing @nytimes, despite so much winning and poll numbers that will soon put me in first place, only writes dishonest hits!
Hillary Clinton just had her 47% moment. What a terrible thing she said about so many great Americans!
While Hillary said horrible things about my supporters, and while many of her supporters will never vote for me, I still respect them all!
Really sad that Republicans would allow themselves to be used in a Clinton ad. Lindsey Graham, Romney, Flake, Sass. SUPREME COURT, REMEMBER!
Wow, Hillary Clinton was SO INSULTING to my supporters, millions of amazing, hard working people. I think it will cost her at the Polls!
Will be in Missouri today with Melania for the funeral of a wonderful and truly respected woman, Phyllis S!
Just returned from Pensacola, Florida, where the crowd was incredible.
I havn't seen @tonyschwartz in many years, he hardly knows me. Never liked his style. Super lib, Crooked H supporter. Irrelevant dope!
Dummy writer @tonyschwartz, who wanted to do a second book with me for years (I said no), is now a hostile basket case who feels jilted!
Thank you Florida - we are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Join us: https://t.co/3KWOl2ibaW. #AmericaFirst https://t.co/vzKtRxzvwv
Will be delivering a major speech tonight - live on @oreillyfactor at 8:10pm from Pensacola, Florida.
Thank you Ohio. Together, we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!https://t.co/3KWOl20zMm https://t.co/n026nE4XIp
Great honor to be endorsed by popular &amp; successful @gov_gilmore of VA. A state that I very much want to win-THX Jim! https://t.co/x4Y1TAFHvn
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!#AmericaFirst #ImWithYou https://t.co/JIlNW7myEN
Henry McMaster, Lt. Governor of South Carolina who endorsed me, beat failed @CNN announcer Bakari Sellers, so badly. Funny!
Jeff Zucker failed @NBC and he is now failing @CNN.
.@CNN is unwatchable. Their news on me is fiction. Theyare a disgrace to the broadcasting industry and an arm of the Clinton campaign.
The documentary of me that @CNN just aired is a total waste of time. I don't even know many of the people who spoke about me. A joke!
Final poll results from NBC on last nights Commander-in-Chief Forum. Thank you! #ImWithYou #MAGA https://t.co/C5ipaxUN7B
It wasn't Matt Lauer that hurt Hillary last night. It was her very dumb answer about emails &amp; the veteran who said she should be in jail.
More poll results from last nights Commander-in-Chief Forum. #AmericaFirst #TrumpTrain https://t.co/FxyBL6fO1h
Last nights results - in poll taken by NBC. #AmericaFirst #ImWithYou https://t.co/sCOnny1fl3
With Luis, Mexico and the United States would have made wonderful deals together - where both Mexico and the US would have benefitted.
Mexico has lost a brilliant finance minister and wonderful man who I know is highly respected by President Peña Nieto.
Hillary Clinton answered email questions differently last night than she has in the past. She is totally confused. Unfit to serve as #POTUS.
Hillary just gave a disastrous news conference on the tarmac to make up for poor performance last night. She's being decimated by the media!
"A rough night for Hillary Clinton"  ABC News.
Wow, reviews are in - THANK YOU!
COMING UP @GenFlynn @newtgingrich on @foxandfriends
Thank you to @foxandfriends for the nice reviews of last night.
Thank you America - great #CommanderInChiefForum polls! https://t.co/Rcu6KaRGCB
Thank you to our fantastic veterans. The reviews and polls from almost everyone of my Commander-in-Chief presentation were great. Nice!
Thank you Peter - if elected, I will think big for our country &amp; never let the American people down! #AmericaFirst https://t.co/6Nwu7EMJ9d
Wow - thank you Pensacola, FL. See you Friday at 7pm -- join me!https://t.co/JCO7Za78tV https://t.co/LYmpRyY0Hq
#AmericaFirst! https://t.co/fQGxwAjXD7
'Donald Trump leads Hillary Clinton by 19 points among military, veteran voters: poll' #AmericaFirst #MAGAhttps://t.co/5FmxGtLkwt
I will be interviewed on @oreillyfactor tonight at 11pmE @FoxNews. Enjoy!
Thank you North Carolina- get out &amp; #VoteTrump on 11/8/2016!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain https://t.co/HX2LRYs4Vq
Great meeting with military spouses in Virginia- joined by @IvankaTrump, @LaraLeaTrump, @GenFlynn &amp; @MayorRGiuliani. https://t.co/00GNH9nLet
Thank you to all of our amazing military families, service members, and veterans. #ImWithYou https://t.co/RmQJt0Wxcq
Join me in Pensacola, Florida this Friday at 7pm! #VoteTrump https://t.co/L8Ui56dcrJ https://t.co/0ciDCuoFeO
Thank you! #VoteTrump #ImWithYou https://t.co/SCEq9LqTTj
Mainstream media never covered Hillary’s massive “hacking”or coughing attack, yet it is #1 trending. What’s up?
Thank you! #AmericaFirst https://t.co/6v4C8ykDVl
As a tribute to the late, great Phyllis Schlafly, I hope everybody can go out and get her latest book, THE CONSERVATIVE CASE FOR TRUMP.
China wouldn't provide a red carpet stairway from Air Force One and then Philippines President calls Obama "the son of a whore." Terrible!
The truly great Phyllis Schlafly, who honored me with her strong endorsement for president, has passed away at 92. She was very special!
Thank you Ohio! #AmericaFirst https://t.co/p68GAJdhwu
Heading to Youngstown, Ohio now- some great polls. #AmericaFirst https://t.co/cGwDLSOFUt
Thank you American Legion Post 610- for hosting @Mike_Pence &amp; I for a roundtable with labor leaders. #LaborDay #MAGA https://t.co/r0cwJlV38L
#LaborDay #AmericaFirstVideo: https://t.co/RNl7cfzkmN https://t.co/ZqRtbV4KRI
Can you believe that the Chinese would not give Obama the proper stairway to get off his plane - fight on tarmac! https://t.co/FAldS5zZi5
President Obama &amp; Putin fail to reach deal on Syria - so what else is new? Obama is not a natural deal maker. Only makes bad deals!
Lyin' Hillary Clinton told the FBI that she did not know the "C" markings on documents stood for CLASSIFIED. How can this be happening?
To the African-American community: The Democrats have failed you for fifty years, high crime, poor schools, no jobs. I will fix it, VOTE "T"
The polls are close so Crooked Hillary is getting out of bed and will campaign tomorrow.Why did she hammer 13 devices and acid-wash e-mails?
The Great State of Arizona, where I just had a massive rally (amazing people), has a very weak and ineffective Senator, Jeff Flake. Sad!
The Republican Party needs strong and committed leaders, not weak people such as @JeffFlake, if it is going to stop illegal immigration.
Crooked Hillary's V.P. pick said this morning that I was not aware that Russia took over Crimea. A total lie - and taken over during O term!
Wow, the failing @nytimes has not reported properly on Crooked's FBI release. They are at the back of the pack - no longer a credible source
.@CNN is so disgusting in their bias, but they are having a hard time promoting Crooked Hillary in light of the new e-mail scandals.
Great visit to Detroit church, fantastic reception, and all @CNN talks about is a small protest outside. Inside a large and wonderful crowd!
I am returning to the Pensacola Bay Center in Florida- Friday, 9/9/16 at 7pm. Join me! https://t.co/L8Ui56dcrJ https://t.co/wAePlfS0JL
Thank you Great Faith Ministries International, Bishop Wayne T. Jackson, and Detroit!https://t.co/4Ucx678ZCC
#ImWithYou https://t.co/I8dHzezmY4
#AmericaFirst #ImWithYou https://t.co/Gtl7DyQkzt
Great new poll Iowa - thank you!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #ImWithYou https://t.co/7hupah1RQN
I visited our Trump Tower campaign headquarters last night, after returning from Ohio and Arizona, and it was packed with great pros - WIN!
People will be very surprised by our ground game on Nov. 8. We have an army of volunteers and people with GREAT SPIRIT! They want to #MAGA!
Just heard that crazy and very dumb @morningmika had a mental breakdown while talking about me on the low ratings @Morning_Joe. Joe a mess!
I will be interviewed by @ericbolling tonight at 8pm on the @oreillyfactor. Enjoy!
I am promising you a new legacy for America. We're going to create a new American future. Thank you OHIO! #ImWithYou https://t.co/TUgccsxvoy
Thank you for having me this morning @AmericanLegion. I enjoyed my time with everyone! #ALConvention2016 https://t.co/19TZEi6EbB
Poll numbers way up - making big progress!
Thank you to @foxandfriends for the great review of the speech on immigration last night. Thank you also to the great people of Arizona!
Mexico will pay for the wall!
Under a Trump administration, it's called #AmericaFirst! #ImWithYouhttps://t.co/QfHfCQg0Wa
Hillary Clinton doesn't have the strength or the stamina to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! #AmericaFirsthttps://t.co/G1MuLrjhW9
There will be no amnesty!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #ImWithYouhttps://t.co/vVhzSdCblA
Mexico will pay for the wall - 100%!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #ImWithYouhttps://t.co/pSFuPZz0xP
Just arrived in Arizona! #ImWithYouhttps://t.co/MT3wW61YS5
Great trip to Mexico today  - wonderful leadership and high quality people! Look forward to our next meeting.
Hillary Clinton didn't go to Louisiana, and now she didn't go to Mexico. She doesn't have the drive or stamina to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Former President Vicente Fox, who is railing against my visit to Mexico today, also invited me when he apologized for using the "f bomb."
Thank you Washington! Together, WE will MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN! #ImWithYou #AmericaFirst https://t.co/CWDQnISYH4
I have accepted the invitation of President Enrique Pena Nieto, of Mexico, and look very much forward to meeting him tomorrow.
Thank you North Carolina! #MAGA https://t.co/1oWrFnHe0u
Thank you America! #MAGAhttps://t.co/FljBVvbwKr https://t.co/ePJW9jLckM
From day one I said that I was going to build a great wall on the SOUTHERN BORDER, and much more. Stop illegal immigration. Watch Wednesday!
Join me this Thursday in Wilmington, Ohio at noon! #ImWithYouTickets: https://t.co/66bfVtIwf1 https://t.co/fDAJl5wVGe
Join me this Wednesday in Phoenix, Arizona at 6pm! #ImWithYouTickets: https://t.co/1jATILh2k7 https://t.co/VwKnxo1TNQ
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #ImWithYou https://t.co/IoYMdjvWHf
We will repeal and replace the horrible disaster known as #Obamacare! https://t.co/YzRTPrqrNC
#CrookedHillary https://t.co/vXhcC8PaPy
Now that African-Americans are seeing what a bad job Hillary type policy and management has done to the inner-cities, they want TRUMP!
Crooked Hillary's brainpower is highly overrated.Probably why her decision making is so bad or, as stated by Bernie S, she has BAD JUDGEMENT
Does anyone know that Crooked Hillary, who tried so hard, was unable to pass the Bar Exams in Washington D.C. She was forced to go elsewhere
Inner-city crime is reaching record levels. African-Americans will vote for Trump because they know I will stop the slaughter going on!
Look how bad it is getting! How much more crime, how many more shootings, will it take for African-Americans and Latinos to vote Trump=SAFE!
I will be making a major speech on ILLEGAL IMMIGRATION on Wednesday in the GREAT State of Arizona. Big crowds, looking for a larger venue.
I think that both candidates, Crooked Hillary and myself, should release detailed medical records. I have no problem in doing so! Hillary?
Today is the 53rd anniversary of the March on Washington - today we honor the enduring fight for justice, equality and opportunity.
Thank you Arizona! #VoteTrump https://t.co/v8VLxdd0fO
Join me Tuesday in Everett, Washington at the Xfinity Arena! Tickets: https://t.co/ABQGySdcYt https://t.co/sn08gnd0lq
NATIONAL DEBT January 2009 = $10.6 TRILLIONAugust 2016 = $19.4 TRILLION https://t.co/dKAVaLfGAJ
It was an honor to have the amazing Root family join me in Iowa. I have been so inspired by their courage &amp; bravery. https://t.co/P4qVGGUYVZ
Thank you Iowa! #ImWithYou https://t.co/3BIF6jBTkk
Just landed in Iowa to attend a great event in honor of wonderful Senator @JoniErnst. Look forward to being with all of my friends.
My condolences to Dwyane Wade and his family, on the loss of Nykea Aldridge. They are in my thoughts and prayers.
Dwyane Wade's cousin was just shot and killed walking her baby in Chicago. Just what I have been saying. African-Americans will VOTE TRUMP!
Heroin overdoses are taking over our children and others in the MIDWEST. Coming in from our southern border. We need strong border &amp; WALL!
New polls - join the MOVEMENT today.https://t.co/3KWOl20zMm #ImWithYou https://t.co/numII7W99T
Join us via our new #AmericaFirst APP! #TrumpPence16 https://t.co/FccLQSCkDY https://t.co/0angXB2BrI
Will be in Phoenix, Arizona on Wednesday. Changing venue to much larger one. Demand is unreal. Polls looking great! #ImWithYou
Thank you @TeamTrump Florida. Keep me updated, and lets get those 100,000 registered voters!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain  https://t.co/lseAAqxjA9
I will be interviewed by @kimguilfoyle at 7pm on @FoxNews. #Enjoy!
Army training slide lists Hillary Clinton as insider threat: https://t.co/CQTSo2ETJF
Meet the ‘Trumpocrats’: Lifelong Democrats Breaking w/ Party Over Hillary to Support Donald Trump for President: https://t.co/g2N3JJWV8a
"Hillary Clinton Deleted Emails Using Program Intended To Prevent Recovery" #CrookedHillary https://t.co/D0MeBJXBwN
How quickly people forget that Crooked Hillary called African-American youth "SUPER PREDATORS" - Has she apologized?
I am very proud to have brought the subject of illegal immigration back into the discussion. Such a big problem for our country-I will solve
Wonderful @pastormarkburns was attacked viciously and unfairly on @MSNBC by crazy @morningmika on low ratings @Morning_Joe. Apologize!
What do African-Americans and Hispanics have to lose by going with me. Look at the poverty, crime and educational statistics. I will fix it!
Crooked Hillary will NEVER be able to solve the problems of poverty, education and safety within the African-American &amp; Hispanic communities
The Clinton's are the real predators...https://t.co/Fr0gFtZVVz
"Hillary Clinton needs to address the racist undertones of her 2008 campaign." #FlashbackFriday https://t.co/MJQp0rcnzH
CLINTON CORRUPTION AND HER SABOTAGE OF THE INNER CITIES. Full speech transcript: https://t.co/npswT6lbg3
Hillary Clinton only knows how to make a speech when it is a hit on me. No policy, and always very short (stamina). Media gives her a pass!
HRC is using the oldest play in the Dem playbook- when their policies fail, they are left w/this one tired argument!https://t.co/FNbCMmwLTn
Hillary Clinton is using race-baiting to try to get African-American voters- but they know she is all talk and NO ACTION!
Hillary Clinton's short speech is pandering to the worst instincts in our society. She should be ashamed of herself!
Just watched recap of #CrookedHillary's speech. Very short and lies. She is the only one fear-mongering!
So many in the African-American community are doing so badly, poverty and crime way up, employment and jobs way down: I will fix it, promise
Poll numbers are starting to look very good. Leading in Florida @CNN Arizona and big jump in Utah. All numbers rising, national way up. Wow!
Thoughts and prayers to the great people of Indiana. You will prevail!
Great Governor @Mike_Pence is in Indiana to help lead the relief efforts after tornadoes struck. True leadership.
Will be on #Hannity @ 10pE @FoxNews- discussing various subjects including immigration-if elected, we will #BuildTheWall &amp; enforce our laws!
Thank you for your support!#AmericaFirst #ImWithYou https://t.co/N8FShwYt2g
A great afternoon in Tampa, Florida. Thank you! #TrumpPence16 https://t.co/K5MBAcnfR1
New national poll released. Join the MOVEMENT &amp; together we will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! https://t.co/3KWOl2ibaW https://t.co/rnU1fkn274
Great new poll Florida - thank you! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain https://t.co/7TKpe388Bc
I will not let the families of The Remembrance Project down! #MakeAmericaSafeAgainhttps://t.co/EMuSftG6RPhttps://t.co/FHPR44WixX
My thoughts and prayers are with the victims and families of those affected by two powerful earthquakes in Italy and Myanmar.
Thank you Travis County, Texas!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain https://t.co/ZBnYzNb0eo
Will be participating in a Town Hall tonight on @SeanHannity at 10pmE from Austin, Texas. Enjoy! https://t.co/8ZBneb0pGk
In Austin, Texas with some of our amazing Border Patrol Agents. I will not let them down! https://t.co/U28HNPtjm9 https://t.co/7ImVH69fNb
Join me in Tampa, Florida- tomorrow at 1pmE! Tickets: https://t.co/iwEAiWKgtR https://t.co/lLyaW6nxsP
President Obama should have gone to Louisiana days ago, instead of golfing. Too little, too late!
Hillary Clinton strongly stated  that there was "absolutely no connection" between her private work and that of The State Department. LIE!
It is being reported by virtually everyone, and is a fact,  that the media pile on against me is the worst in American political history!
I am now in Texas doing a big fundraiser for the Republican Party and a @FoxNews Special on the BORDER and with victims of border crime!
The @WashingtonPost quickly put together a hit job book on me- comprised of copies of some of their inaccurate stories. Don't buy, boring!
.@AnnCoulter's new book, 'In Trump We Trust, comes out tomorrow. People are saying it's terrific - knowing Ann I am sure it is!
Just leaving Akron, Ohio, after a packed rally. Amazing people! Going now to Texas.
Great meeting with active &amp; retired law enforcement officers- at the Fraternal Order of Police lodge in Akron, Ohio. https://t.co/EUWhDC644R
Statement on Clinton Foundation:https://t.co/2twuzrB9om
Will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 8:30 A.M. Eastern. ENJOY!
Some day, when things calm down, I'll tell the real story of @JoeNBC and his very insecure long-time girlfriend, @morningmika. Two clowns!
Tried watching low-rated @Morning_Joe this morning,  unwatchable! @morningmika is off the wall, a neurotic and not very bright mess!
I heard that @Morning_Joe was very nice on Friday but that little Donny D, a big failure in TV (&amp; someone I helped), was nasty. Irrelevant!
Crooked Hillary is flooding the airwaves with false and misleading ads - all paid for by her bosses on Wall Street. Media is protecting her!
I have been drawing very big and enthusiastic crowds, but the media refuses to show or discuss them. Something very big is happening!
Together, we are going to MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN!https://t.co/pUtN4kFhDK
We will bring America together as ONE country again – united as Americans in common purpose and common dreams. #MAGA
Will be back soon Virginia. We are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! #TrumpPence16 https://t.co/IU4JPSi0rZ
Will be interviewed on @JudgeJeanine at 9:00 P.M. Enjoy!
Just leaving Virginia - really big crowd, great enthusiasm!
Thank you @JerryJrFalwell- will see you soon. #TrumpPence16 https://t.co/epfSJckcKq
.@Franklin_Graham @BillyNungesser @SamaritansPurse- so humbled by my time w/ you. You are in our thoughts &amp; prayers. https://t.co/I6xGsEzlwv
We are one nation. When one hurts, we all hurt. We must all work together-to lift each other up.#StandWithLouisiana https://t.co/Ob7J2oBWhq
#WheresHillary? Sleeping!!!!!
Thank you Michigan. This is a MOVEMENT. We are going to MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN! #TrumpPence16 https://t.co/vP3eqF3Zbb
Great job by @EricTrump on interview with @BillHemmer on @FoxNews. #ImWithYou #TrumpTrain
Thank you to everyone for all of the nice comments, by Twitter, pundits and otherwise for my speech last night.
The reporting at the failing @nytimes gets worse and worse by the day. Fortunately, it is a dying newspaper.
Thank you to NC for last evenings great reception. The speech was a great success. Heading now to Louisiana &amp; another speech tonight in MI.
We are one nation. When one state hurts, we all hurt. We must all work together - to lift each other up. https://t.co/XoDkW5X3Wy
Thank you Charlotte, North Carolina!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain https://t.co/Y19nUKkYTc
Together, we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! https://t.co/aENuIvrUrS
#CrookedHillary #ThrowbackThursday https://t.co/v8J0r64J7h
They will soon be calling me MR. BREXIT!
I will be doing a Town Hall tonight at 10:00 P.M. on @seanhannity - @FoxNews
Will be participating in a town hall event- hosted by @SeanHannity tonight at 10pmE on @FoxNews. Enjoy! https://t.co/7nReqYM7FF
We are going to make this a government of the people once again!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #ImWithYouhttps://t.co/Fi7yEb2XQb
We will repeal &amp; replace #Obamacare, which has caused soaring double-digit premium increases. It is a disaster! https://t.co/NNMyTJo6i6
A vote for Hillary Clinton is a vote for another generation of poverty, high crime, &amp; lost opportunities. #ImWithYouhttps://t.co/Eph6qy7zyB
#MakeAmericaSafeAgain #ImWithYouhttps://t.co/N9XNoGNcqc
Thank you Governor @ScottWalker &amp; @GOP Chairman @Reince Priebus. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #ImWithYouhttps://t.co/IdJBuaKMwK
Join me in North Carolina - tomorrow at 7:30pm! #ImWithYou Tickets: https://t.co/vDag45zrDc
#LawandOrder #ImWithYouVideo: https://t.co/AIa2Z9po2h https://t.co/qqSfOfgdap
#LawandOrder #ImWithYouTranscript: https://t.co/YlATGI2Ph6
Will be on @SeanHannity tonight at 10pmE - delivering an important speech live from Wisconsin. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Just as we won the Cold War, in part, by exposing the evils of communism and the virtues of free markets....Cont: https://t.co/SXp7efXEZU
This is my pledge to the American people: https://t.co/Jb21oyNfxt
'It's just a 2-point race, Clinton 38%, Trump 36%' https://t.co/EzDzJ4EzIN
Another health insurer is pulling back due to 'persistent financial losses on #Obamacare plans.' Only the beginning! https://t.co/YqfaEvg8c3
#AmericasMerkel https://t.co/QFRs4bEUC1
"CLINTON REFUGEE PLAN COULD BRING IN 620,000 REFUGEES IN FIRST TERM AT LIFETIME COST OF OVER $400 BILLION." https://t.co/COZQNt6KVs
#MakeAmericaSafeAgain https://t.co/bgBGPaKaqI
Certain Republicans who have lost to me would rather save face by fighting me than see the U.S.Supreme Court get proper appointments. Sad!
"Stay on message" is the chant. I always do - trade, jobs, military, vets, 2nd A, repeal Ocare, borders, etc - but media misrepresents!
I have always been the same person-remain true to self.The media wants me to change but it would be very dishonest to supporters to do so!
It is not "freedom of the press" when newspapers and others are allowed to say and write whatever they want even if it is completely false!
I am not only fighting Crooked Hillary, I am fighting the dishonest and corrupt media and her government protection process. People get it!
Crooked Hillary Clinton is being protected by the media. She is not a talented person or politician. The dishonest media refuses to expose!
My rallies are not covered properly by the media. They never discuss the real message and never show crowd size or enthusiasm.
If the disgusting and corrupt media covered me honestly and didn't put false meaning into the words I say, I would be beating Hillary by 20%
The failing @nytimes, which never spoke to me, keeps saying that I am saying to advisers that I will change. False, I am who I am-never said
The failing @nytimes talks about anonymous sources and meetings that never happened. Their reporting is fiction. The media protects Hillary!
We now have confirmation as to one reason Crooked H wanted to be sure that nobody saw her e-mails - PAY-FOR-PLAY. How can she run for Pres.
I am truly enjoying myself while running for president. The people of our country are amazing - great numbers on November 8th!
The failing @nytimes has become a newspaper of fiction. Their stories about me always quote non-existent unnamed sources. Very dishonest!
Will be on @seanhannity tonight at 10pm, hosted by @GovMikeHuckabee. Enjoy!
Thank you Erie, Pennsylvania! Together we will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! https://t.co/5hZp7PnRoT
Unbelievable support in Florida last night - thank you! #MAGA https://t.co/WNDAagFRRS
We need your support to get to the White House and defeat #CrookedHillary. Let's Make America Great Again! https://t.co/AKIHQW4ljd
The Establishment and special interests are absolutely killing our country. We must put #AmericaFirst. https://t.co/mjTScP4sZ2
I'm with YOU. I will work hard and never let you down. Make America Great Again! https://t.co/vzZZ6M5K9t
I'm with YOU! I will work hard and never let you down. Make America Great Again! https://t.co/xI4qjds5fP
The Establishment and special interests are absolutely killing our country.  We must put #AmericaFirst. https://t.co/R751UfHQ0A
ISIS gained tremendous strength during Hillary Clinton's term as Secretary of State. When will the dishonest media report the facts!
I love watching these poor, pathetic people (pundits) on television working so hard and so seriously to try and figure me out. They can't!
A massive tax increase will be necessary to fund Crooked Hillary Clinton's agenda. What a terrible (and boring) rollout that was yesterday!
Ratings challenged @CNN reports so seriously that I call President Obama (and Clinton) "the founder" of ISIS, &amp; MVP. THEY DON'T GET SARCASM?
I'm with YOU. I will work hard and never let you down. Make America Great Again! https://t.co/uHiGJ6Pe3E
I am counting on your help to defeat Hillary Clinton and her cronies. Let's Make America Great Again! https://t.co/fSKOf0Jz9K
Will be doing @oreillyfactor tonight at 8pm. Enjoy!
This is no surprise. Constant phony reporting from failing @CNN turns everyone off. The American people get it! https://t.co/a1A6XMfYx1
Thank you Fort Lauderdale, Florida. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain https://t.co/cjivzdRpU1
Great job today by the NYPD in protecting the people and saving the climber.
Reuters just announced that Secret Service never spoke to me or my campaign. Made up story by @CNN is a hoax. Totally dishonest.
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain! https://t.co/8rWz6p1Ged
Thank you Abingdon, Virginia! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain https://t.co/g7ivluiyF2 https://t.co/RQUKD6sjno
No such meeting or conversation ever happened - a made up story by "low ratings" @CNN.
Great meeting w/ coal miners &amp; leaders from the Virginia coal industry- thank you! #MAGAhttps://t.co/wnpVlq6oe4 https://t.co/32gdX684ew
I will be interviewed on @greta tonight at 7pm. Enjoy! https://t.co/9yicUxd87D
My thoughts and prayers are with the two police officers shot in Sebastian County, Arkansas. #LESM
Morning Joe's weakness is its low ratings. I don't watch anymore but I heard he went wild against Rudy Giuliani and #2A - sad &amp; irrelevant!
.@dbongino  You were fantastic in defending both the Second Amendment and me last night on @CNN. Don Lemon is a lightweight - dumb as a rock
Media desperate to distract from Clinton's anti-2A stance. I said pro-2A citizens must organize and get out vote to save our Constitution!
When is the media going to talk about Hillary's policies that have gotten people killed, like Libya, open borders, and maybe her emails?
Thank you Senator @ChuckGrassley! #TrumpPence16https://t.co/YmdH3fcaeW
Thank you @SenatorFischer! #TrumpPence16https://t.co/RMtU6aRZTQ
Thank you Wilmington, North Carolina!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain https://t.co/ZnnaSPF5or
Act NOW for your chance to have a private lunch with Eric Trump &amp; tour of campaign HQ at Trump Tower in NYC. https://t.co/RBLII8rIfo
Act NOW for your chance to have a private lunch with Eric Trump &amp; tour of campaign HQ at Trump Tower in NYC. https://t.co/fwU0jMcB1m
Act NOW for your chance to have a private lunch with Eric Trump &amp; tour of campaign HQ at Trump Tower in NYC. https://t.co/szAygwbchK
Act NOW for your chance to have a private lunch with Eric Trump &amp; tour of campaign HQ at Trump Tower in NYC. https://t.co/J3NzuVpruI
Act NOW for your chance to have a private lunch with Eric Trump &amp; tour of campaign HQ at Trump Tower in NYC.  https://t.co/4ccXAY5ZNo
Act NOW for your chance to have a private lunch with Eric Trump &amp; tour of campaign HQ at Trump Tower in NYC. https://t.co/dDA0CZWdYF
I am running against the Washington insiders, just like I did in the Republican Primaries. These are the people that have made U.S. a mess!
Will be interviewed on @foxandfriends now!
Being in Detroit today was wonderful. Quick stop in Ohio to meet with some of our great supporters. Just got back home!
'As Senator Clinton promised 200,000 jobs in Upstate New York - her efforts fell flat.' https://t.co/I2WqZb5N8P https://t.co/i5S3mtJWpe
Many people are saying that the Iranians killed the scientist who helped the U.S. because of Hillary Clinton's hacked emails.
Thank you Newt!  https://t.co/Acg0hMvrpr
Thank you Congressman Steven Palazzo! https://t.co/R5Z4CGfjqJ https://t.co/XGSIJJQiGJ
Thank you Senator David Perdue!https://t.co/d0dCUZ20jf https://t.co/LmfiGByFPb
Thank you @RepLouBarletta!https://t.co/bre8u93vac https://t.co/eKtSXUw51R
Thank you @NFIB- together we will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!  https://t.co/wQQIHQKsdK
Thank you!  https://t.co/4p0hzpkVWF
Thank you Alex!  https://t.co/c2uIa7mndP
My economic policy speech will be carried live at 12:15 P.M. Enjoy!
Join me in Fayetteville, North Carolina tomorrow evening at 6pm. Tickets now available at: https://t.co/Z80d4MYIg8
#ICYMI: "Will Media Apologize to Trump?" https://t.co/ia7rKBmioA
Michael Morell, the lightweight former Acting Director of C.I.A., and a man who has made serious bad calls, is a total Clinton flunky!
The media is going crazy. They totally distort so many things on purpose. Crimea, nuclear, "the baby" and so much more. Very dishonest!
I see where Mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake of Baltimore is pushing Crooked hard. Look at the job she has done in Baltimore. She is a joke!
Thank you Windham, New Hampshire! #TrumpPence16 #MAGA https://t.co/ZL4Q01Q49s
.@Larry_Kudlow - 'Donald Trump Is the middle-class growth candidate'https://t.co/YbqkhWNm0g
I am not just running against Crooked Hillary Clinton, I am running against the very dishonest and totally biased media - but I will win!
#CrookedHillary is not fit to be our next president! #TrumpPence16 https://t.co/I0zJO2sZKk
Heading to New Hampshire - will be talking about Hillary saying her brain SHORT CIRCUITED, and other things!
LIMITED EDITION signed copies of my book "The Art of the Deal" for your donation of $184 or more. Get YOURS today! https://t.co/wzsE7SoGUG
LIMITED EDITION signed copies of my book "The Art of the Deal" for your donation of $184 or more. Get YOURS today! https://t.co/pvNwKWlFy1
Anybody whose mind "SHORT CIRCUITS" is not fit to be our president! Look up the word "BRAINWASHED."
Crooked Hillary said loudly, and for the world to see, that she "SHORT CIRCUITED" when answering a question on her e-mails. Very dangerous!
Hillary Clinton is being badly criticized for her poor performance in answering questions. Let us all see what happens!
Good luck #TeamUSA#OpeningCeremony #Rio2016 https://t.co/mS8qsQpJPh
'Trump is right about violent crime: It’s on the rise in major cities'https://t.co/XbnZ5vktGk
Thank you Green Bay, Wisconsin! Governor @Mike_Pence and I will be back soon. #TrumpPence16 #MAGA https://t.co/qsYbyrm3UR
DON'T LET HILLARY CLINTON DO IT AGAIN!#TrumpPence16https://t.co/1mGkPNZPKF
Thank you Des Moines, Iowa! Governor @Mike_Pence and I appreciate your support! #MAGA #TrumpTrain https://t.co/gr6tGqqmcm
The Establishment and special interests are absolutely killing our country. We must put #AmericaFirst.  https://t.co/Q96e1Npa5d
I'm with YOU! I will work hard and never let you down. Make America Great Again! https://t.co/XT3U5mY0oc
As President, I WILL fix this rigged system and only answer to YOU, the American people! https://t.co/r1ySXDJ1Wq
#MakeAmericaSafeAgain https://t.co/5yuLKyh8Q6
As President, I WILL fix this rigged system and only answer to YOU, the American people! https://t.co/pteWtMjXVO
The Establishment and special interests are absolutely killing our country. We must put #AmericaFirst. https://t.co/IBt9JpYh7p
I'm with YOU. I will work hard and never let you down. Make America Great Again! https://t.co/DGMxQYUm7s
We need your support to get to the White House and defeat #CrookedHillary. Let's Make America Great Again! https://t.co/bwxirLtPXY
As President, I WILL fix this rigged system and only answer to YOU, the American people! https://t.co/4GWAHgf8us
The Establishment and special interests are absolutely killing our country. We must put #AmericaFirst. https://t.co/XcqwGHAUue
I'm with YOU. I will work hard and never let you down. Make America Great Again! https://t.co/NTDm6xfREg
We need your support to get to the White House and defeat #CrookedHillary.  Let's Make America Great Again! https://t.co/FgPFo1NWiC
I am counting on your help to defeat Hillary Clinton and her cronies. Let's Make America Great Again!  https://t.co/c7Ekrgn9jx
As President, I WILL fix this rigged system and only answer to YOU, the American people! https://t.co/laUdwGO1aX
The Establishment and special interests are absolutely killing our country. We must put #AmericaFirst. https://t.co/GMYEWngo2y
We need your support to get to the White House and defeat #CrookedHillary.  Let's Make America Great Again! https://t.co/u2WQondgqm
I'm with YOU. I will work hard and never let you down. Make America Great Again! https://t.co/k1ZvNC3YAC
I am counting on your help to defeat Hillary Clinton and her cronies. Let's Make America Great Again! https://t.co/0KL9McborU
As President, I WILL fix this rigged system and only answer to YOU, the American people! https://t.co/98Vtqu4i7n
The Establishment and special interests are absolutely killing our country. We must put #AmericaFirst.  https://t.co/jMgAETgW6U
We need your support to get to the White House and defeat #CrookedHillary.  Let's Make America Great Again! https://t.co/J7ICZN3Bus
I'm with YOU. I will work hard and never let you down. Make America Great Again! https://t.co/Eb6jr4nbj3
I'm with YOU. I will work hard and never let you down. Make America Great Again! https://t.co/im2J6xXq1u
I'm with YOU. I will work hard and never let you down. Make America Great Again!  https://t.co/wotYvx6Prz
I am counting on your help to defeat Hillary Clinton and her cronies. Let's Make America Great Again! https://t.co/z3pzKBfP0U
Hillary Clinton has bad judgment and is unfit to serve as President.https://t.co/3EzG620fpT
The plane I saw on television was the hostage plane in Geneva, Switzerland, not the plane carrying $400 million in cash going to Iran!
President Obama refuses to answer question about Iran terror funding.  I won't dodge questions as your President. https://t.co/jsAMGO3s4P
Obama's disastrous judgment gave us ISIS, rise of Iran, and the worst economic numbers since the Great Depression!
President Obama should ask the DNC about how they rigged the election against Bernie.
See you tomorrow w/ Gov. @Mike_Pence, Iowa &amp; Wisconsin! 3pm- https://t.co/3Hcnzj0Slx7pm- https://t.co/sEwLWkn1Sz https://t.co/UODSMp0oTo
Thank you Portland, Maine! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain https://t.co/oVfF28rWL5 https://t.co/RhblAXkNPw
Happy 226th Birthday to the United States Coast Guard. Thank you @USCG! #CoastGuardDay https://t.co/hr4O8Xgq2R
Great meeting all of you. This group knocked on 50K doors &amp; counting here in Maine, thank you! @MaineGOP  https://t.co/Iui1F2z9ca
Looking forward to IA &amp; WI with Gov. Pence, tomorrow. Join us! #MAGAhttps://t.co/3Hcnzj0Slxhttps://t.co/sEwLWkn1Sz https://t.co/0Ei3EdQdXB
Thank you Jacksonville, Florida!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain https://t.co/xrTQjt9WOC https://t.co/VSnBoQYoZs
Thank you for your support of my candidacy! #MAGA #ImWithYou https://t.co/Al5bZlRFYk
Thank you to the amazing law enforcement officers today- in Daytona Beach, Florida! #LESM #MAGA https://t.co/QoxJf4Xzbc
THANK YOU Daytona Beach, Florida!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain https://t.co/IAcLfXe463
Our incompetent Secretary of State, Hillary Clinton, was the one who started talks to give 400 million dollars, in cash, to Iran. Scandal!
There is great unity in my campaign, perhaps greater than ever before. I want to thank everyone for your tremendous support. Beat Crooked H!
Great day in Virginia. Crowd was fantastic!
My daughter @IvankaTrump will be on @Greta tonight at 7pm. Enjoy! https://t.co/QySC5PLFMy
Report raises questions about ‘Clinton Cash’ from Russians during ‘reset' https://t.co/vVcAzY2zcp
President Obama will go down as perhaps the worst president in the history of the United States!
#ICYMI: John Podesta’s Brother Pocketed $180,000 from Putin’s Uranium Company: https://t.co/d0LfyiBlvX https://t.co/I5fF3didZs
#CrookedHillary https://t.co/xe0I0EmxMa
Join me in Florida tomorrow! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Daytona | 3pm- https://t.co/jbOS2s4qGIJacksonville | 7pm- https://t.co/XSF1kp7R54
STATEMENT IN RESPONSE TO PRESIDENT OBAMA'S FAILED LEADERSHIP: https://t.co/SPgFIFuSO7
Thank you Virginia! #ImWithYou https://t.co/9inCh1BVwM
LIMITED EDITION signed copies of my book "The Art of the Deal" for your donation of $184 or more.  Get YOURS today! https://t.co/4LnzfKRsqZ
LIMITED EDITION signed copies of my book "The Art of the Deal" for your donation of $184 or more.  Get YOURS today!  https://t.co/KpVEN635SH
LIMITED EDITION signed copies of my book "The Art of the Deal" for your donation of $184 or more.  Get YOURS today! https://t.co/NNOM5GANxD
The Washington Post calls out #CrookedHillary for what she REALLY is. A PATHOLOGICAL LIAR! Watch that nose grow! https://t.co/FsrUGByuuD
Great afternoon in Ohio &amp; a great evening in Pennsylvania - departing now. See you tomorrow Virginia! https://t.co/jQTQYBFpdb
Just leaving Mechanicsburg, PA. Incredible crowd-- so enthusiastic! Will be back soon. #MAGA https://t.co/RbuXfDZ5w9
Vast numbers of manufacturing jobs in Pennsylvania have moved to Mexico and other countries. That will end when I win!
Thanks to @pnehlen for your kind words, very much appreciated.
Join me in Florida on Wednesday! Daytona &amp; Jacksonville:Daytona | 3pm- https://t.co/rJjYUbwiLLJacksonville | 7pm- https://t.co/zfxeNbr1nq
During the GOP convention, CNN cut away from the victims of illegal immigrant violence. They don’t want them heard. https://t.co/EHRiLkQDWD
When will CNN do a segment on Hillary’s plan to increase Syrian refugees 550% and how much it will cost?
Hillary Clinton raked in money from regimes that horribly oppress women and gays &amp; refuses to speak out against Radical Islam.
Hillary, whose decisions have led to the deaths of many, accepted $ from a business linked to ISIS. Silence at CNN. https://t.co/gJYSSXtpaz
Crooked Hillary Clinton is 100% owned by her donors. #ImWithYou #MAGA https://t.co/iYM3CCWS2z
Thank you Columbus, Ohio! I will be back soon. #ImWithYou #MAGA https://t.co/vMf1EPJp4r
Thank you Oklahoma &amp; Virginia! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #ImWithYou https://t.co/WUdY7feRvV
People believe CNN these days almost as little as they believe Hillary....that's really saying something!
The people who support Hillary sit behind CNN anchor chairs, or headline fundraisers - those disconnected from real life.
Will CNN send its cameras to the border to show the massive unreported crisis now unfolding -- or are they worried it will hurt Hillary?
When will we see stories from CNN on Clinton Foundation corruption and Hillary's pay-for-play at State Department?
CNN anchors are completely out of touch with everyday people worried about rising crime, failing schools and vanishing jobs.
CNN will soon be the least trusted name in news if they continue to be the press shop for Hillary Clinton.
Join Governor Mike Pence in Reno, Nevada- tonight at 7pm! Tickets available at: https://t.co/4nLjRGyFYw
#CrookedHillary https://t.co/oHI6xrDJU0
So with all of the Obama tough talk on Russia and the Ukraine, they have already taken Crimea and continue to push. That's what I said!
When I said in an interview that Putin is "not going into Ukraine, you can mark it down," I am saying if I am President. Already in Crimea!
This story is not about Mr. Khan, who is all over the place doing interviews, but rather RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORISM and the U.S. Get smart!
Mr. Khan, who does not know me, viciously attacked me from the stage of the DNC and is now all over T.V. doing the same - Nice!
Wow, it is unbelievable how distorted, one-sided and biased the media is against us. The failing @nytimes is a joke. @CNN is laughable!
The dishonest media is fawning over the Democratic Convention. I wonder why, then, my speech had millions of more viewers than Crooked H?
I was viciously attacked by Mr. Khan at the Democratic Convention. Am I not allowed to respond? Hillary voted for the Iraq war, not me!
Captain Khan, killed 12 years ago, was a hero, but this is about RADICAL ISLAMIC TERROR and the weakness of our "leaders" to eradicate it!
We crushed the original goal! I will write a $2 MILLION check to our campaign if we hit our end-of-month goal!  https://t.co/n6W9Dm6FqY
Nielson Media Research final numbers on ACCEPTANCE SPEECH: TRUMP  32.2 MILLION.  CLINTON 27.8 MILLION.  Thank you!
Thank you to all of the television viewers that made my speech at the Republican National Convention #1 over Crooked Hillary and DEMS.
Can you imagine if I had the small crowds that Hillary is drawing today in Pennsylvania. It would be a major media event! @CNN @FoxNews
NATO commander agrees members should pay up via @dcexaminer:https://t.co/VZLDFy707K
Wow, NATO's top commander just announced that he agrees with me that alliance members must PAY THEIR BILLS. This is a general I will like!
The "Rust Belt" was created by politicians like the Clintons who allowed our jobs to be stolen from us by other countries like Mexico. END!
Crooked's stop in Johnstown, Pennsylvania, where jobs have been absolutely decimated by dumb politicians, drew less than 200 - with Bill, VP
#CrookedHillary = Obama's third term, which would be terrible news for our economic growth - seen below. https://t.co/y9WJoUaaql
Word is that Crooked Hillary has very small and unenthusiastic crowds in Pennsylvania. Perhaps it is because her husband signed NAFTA?
I turned down a meeting with Charles and David Koch. Much better for them to meet with the puppets of politics, they will do much better!
Why doesn't the media want to report that on the two "Big Thursdays" when Crooked Hillary and I made our speeches - Republican's won ratings
#CrookedHillary https://t.co/xyoPFJmByp
Crooked Hillary Clinton is soft on crime, supports open borders, and wants massive tax hikes. A formula for disaster!
Violent crime is rising across the United States, yet the DNC convention ignored it. Crime reduction will be one of my top priorities.
I will write a $2 MILLION check to our campaign if we hit our million-dollar end-of-month goal! https://t.co/fUTugI2R2k
Just got back from Colorado. The love and enthusiasm at two rallies was incredible. Big crowds!
While I am in OH &amp; PA - you can also join @Mike_Pence in Nevada on Mon!Carson City: https://t.co/28G3RVbFsnReno: https://t.co/4nLjRGyFYw
Join me Monday in Columbus, Ohio &amp; Harrisburg, Pennsylvania! #MAGA3pm in OH: https://t.co/DDg0AUsqRq7pm in PA: https://t.co/VmSLBvL43l
American homeownership rate in Q2 2016 was 62.9% - lowest rate in 51yrs. WE will bring back the  'American Dream!' https://t.co/yI4Q8FHRjp
We are suffering through the worst long-term unemployment in the last 70 years. I want change - Crooked Hillary Clinton does not.
Hillary can never win over Bernie supporters. Her foreign wars, NAFTA/TPP support &amp; Wall Street ties are driving away millions of votes.
Colorado was amazing yesterday! So much support. Our tax, trade and energy reforms will bring great jobs to Colorado and the whole country.
Thank you Denver, Colorado! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! https://t.co/1KHrLdkOyW
As usual, Hillary &amp; the Dems are trying to rig the debates so 2 are up against major NFL games. Same as last time w/ Bernie. Unacceptable!
#CrookedHillary Job Application https://t.co/CKXkAlGSiV
Hillary Clinton should not be given national security briefings in that she is a lose cannon with extraordinarily bad judgement &amp; insticts.
Thank you to the amazing law enforcement officers in Colorado!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #LESM https://t.co/glxTQYAQiN
Thank you Colorado Springs. Get out &amp; VOTE #TrumpPence16 in November! https://t.co/wK02fWzJey
"Only a Reagan or a Trump-like figure in the White House will achieve this goal." https://t.co/6a7Ef12giZ
Even Bill is tired of the lies, SAD! https://t.co/LPk1OkwH9P
Join me in Colorado Springs at 2pm- or in Denver tonight at 7pm!Colorado Springs: https://t.co/HgFW7IRtz9Denver: https://t.co/aE5P9jNcFC
What Bernie Sanders really thinks of Crooked Hillary Clinton. https://t.co/VgMaAsZBep
I am watching Crooked Hillary speak. Same old stuff, our country needs change!
Wow, my campaign is hearing from more and more Bernie supporters that they will NEVER support Crooked Hillary. She sold them out, V.P. pick!
In Hillary Clinton's America - things get worse. #TrumpPence16 https://t.co/WdHbnhhCbW
The dishonest media didn't mention that Bernie Sanders was very angry looking during Crooked's speech. He wishes he didn't make that deal!
Thank you! Facebook: https://t.co/nmlRJqzA7SInstagram: https://t.co/5gDeluaBXG https://t.co/Pw7GS8R9Gg
Crooked Hillary said that I "couldn't handle the rough and tumble of a political campaign." Really,I just beat 16 people and am beating her!
If Michael Bloomberg ran again for Mayor of New York, he wouldn't get 10% of the vote - they would run him out of town!  #NeverHillary
"Little" Michael Bloomberg, who never had the guts to run for president, knows nothing about me. His last term as Mayor was a disaster!
General John Allen, who I never met but spoke against me last night, failed badly in his fight against ISIS. His record = BAD  #NeverHillary
Crooked Hillary Clinton mentioned me 22 times in her very long and very boring speech. Many of her statements were lies and fabrications!
Join @mike_pence at the University of Northwestern Ohio- tonight at 7pm. Tickets: https://t.co/DvP8p7ueNU
CAMPAIGN STATEMENT: https://t.co/RNW3ED2ifR
Two policemen just shot in San Diego, one dead. It is only getting worse. People want LAW AND ORDER!
Crooked Hillary Clinton made up facts about me, and "forgot" to mention the many problems of our country, in her very average scream!
The media coverage this morning of the very average Clinton speech and Convention is a joke. @CNN and the little watched @Morning_Joe = SAD!
No one has worse judgement than Hillary Clinton - corruption and devastation follows her wherever she goes.
Hillary's wars in the Middle East have unleashed destruction, terrorism and ISIS across the world.
Hillary's vision is a borderless world where working people have no power, no jobs, no safety.
Hillary will never reform Wall Street. She is owned by Wall Street!
Our way of life is under threat by Radical Islam and Hillary Clinton cannot even bring herself to say the words.
Hillary's refusal to mention Radical Islam, as she pushes a 550% increase in refugees, is more proof that she is unfit to lead the country.
I will once again write a $1 MILLION check to our campaign if we hit our million-dollar end-of-month goal! https://t.co/fUTugI2R2k
Departing now - thank you Cedar Rapids, Iowa. This is a MOVEMENT! https://t.co/ezrqVqPtta
I will once again write a $1 MILLION check to our campaign if we hit our million-dollar end-of-month goal! https://t.co/CgHp1CqPSp
#CrookedHillary https://t.co/JeXFnO6e3s
As President, I WILL fix this rigged system and only answer to YOU, the American people!  https://t.co/aE4cuEQBFQhttps://t.co/hjYzQvwMaC
"Dems warn not to underestimate Trump's potential win"https://t.co/X3xHtjhHpB
Great to be back in Iowa! #TBT with @JerryJrFalwell joining me in Davenport- this past winter. #MAGA https://t.co/A5IF0QHnic
Median household income is down for the middle class since Obama took office. It will only go further down under Clinton.
A vote for Clinton-Kaine is a vote for TPP, NAFTA, high taxes, radical regulation, and massive influx of refugees.
AMERICA'S FUTUREhttps://t.co/xymiA0Az7x
Bernie caved! https://t.co/xtcOnA8cw1
President Obama spoke last night about a world that doesn’t exist. 70% of the people think our country is going in the wrong direction. #DNC
Our country does not feel 'great already' to the millions of wonderful people living in poverty, violence and despair.
Shooting deaths of police officers up 78% this year. We must restore law and order and protect our great law enforcement officers!
Join me live in Toledo, Ohio!#MakeAmericaGreatAgainhttps://t.co/ruEvMGx4C9
#CrookedHillary https://t.co/lwi9gqDEHE
Thank you Pennsylvania!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain https://t.co/bbv3EhGs5x https://t.co/bbroAGTdMw
As President, I will bring jobs back and get wages up for Americans who need it most.   https://t.co/rSEcsjiNFbhttps://t.co/ybFOV3gh0l
Thank you to our amazing law enforcement officers! #MAGA https://t.co/UEZorOQhTw
"Trump right: Illegal families crossing border set to double, 51,152 so far"https://t.co/1noCe9W6Ru
Great new poll - thank you!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain https://t.co/mXovx0TLPC
If Russia or any other country or person has Hillary Clinton's 33,000 illegally deleted emails, perhaps they should share them with the FBI!
Join our next Vice President, @Mike_Pence in Wisconsin tonight &amp; Michigan Thursday!MI: https://t.co/daR2xIhCEsWI: https://t.co/LKc7e4VZkB
Not one American flag on the massive stage at the Democratic National Convention until people started complaining-then a small one. Pathetic
Our not very bright Vice President, Joe Biden, just stated that I wanted to "carpet bomb" the enemy. Sorry Joe, that was Ted Cruz!
Crooked Hillary Clinton wants to flood our country with Syrian immigrants that we know little or nothing about. The danger is massive. NO!
Hopefully the violent and vicious killing by ISIS of a beloved French priest is causing people to start thinking rationally. Get tough!
The Democratic Convention has paid ZERO respect to the great police and law enforcement professionals of our country. No recognition - SAD!
Funny how the failing @nytimes is pushing Dems narrative that Russia is working for me because Putin said "Trump is a genius." America 1st!
As I have been saying, Crooked Hillary will approve the job killing TPP after the election, despite her statements to the contrary: top adv.
Just like I have warned from the beginning, Crooked Hillary Clinton will betray you on the TPP. https://t.co/eoNTWK6I8y
Many of Bernie's supporters have left the arena. Did Bernie go home and go to sleep?
I hate to say it, but the Republican Convention was far more interesting (with a much more beautiful set) than the Democratic Convention!
No matter what Bill Clinton says and no matter how well he says it, the phony media will exclaim it to be incredible. Highly overrated!
You have no idea what my strategy on ISIS is, and neither does ISIS (a good thing). Please get your facts straight - thanks. @megynkelly
I'm with you! I will work hard and never let you down. Make America Great Again! https://t.co/CWfECeUSSq
I'm with you! I will work hard and never let you down. Make America Great Again! https://t.co/LwxMIAn0kK
I’m with you! I will work hard and never let you down. Make America Great Again! https://t.co/ajAJ13xQvr
For the record, I have ZERO investments in Russia.
In order to try and deflect the horror and stupidity of the Wikileakes disaster, the Dems said maybe it is Russia dealing with Trump. Crazy!
Dems don't want to talk ISIS b/c Hillary's foreign interventions unleashed ISIS &amp; her refugee plans make it easier for them to come here.
Bernie's exhausted, he just wants to shut down and go home to bed!
The invention of email has proven to be a very bad thing for Crooked Hillary in that it has proven her to be both incompetent and a liar!
Thank you New Hampshire! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain https://t.co/KRCdV77BQp
Join us in Toledo, Ohio- tomorrow night at 8pm! #TrumpPence16 #MAGATickets: https://t.co/ERNRrksikq https://t.co/zmGZauCnQF
Join us tomorrow in Scranton, Pennsylvania at 3pm!#TrumpPence16 #MAGA Tickets: https://t.co/4FTydj8s9U https://t.co/7zMKhhMmhp
Pocahontas bombed last night! Sad to watch.
Why aren't the Democrats speaking about ISIS, bad trade deals, broken borders, police and law and order. The Republican Convention was great
Funny, if you listen to @FoxNews, the Democrats did not have a good day. If you listen to the other two, they are fawning. What a difference
Bernie Sanders totally sold out to Crooked Hillary Clinton. All of that work, energy and money, and nothing to show for it! Waste of time.
Elizabeth Warren, often referred to as Pocahontas, just misrepresented me and spoke glowingly about Crooked Hillary, who she always hated!
Sad to watch Bernie Sanders abandon his revolution. We welcome all voters who want to fix our rigged system and bring back our jobs.
If Cory Booker is the future of the Democratic Party, they have no future! I know more about Cory than he knows about himself.
I was at @FoxNews and met Juan Williams in passing.  He asked if he could have pictures taken with me. I said fine. He then trashes on air!
Hard to believe that Bernie Sanders has done such a complete fold. He got NOTHING for all of the time, energy and money. The V.P. a joke!
While Bernie has totally given up on his fight for the people, we welcome all voters who want a better future for our workers.
Clinton betrayed Bernie voters. Kaine supports TPP, is in pocket of Wall Street, and backed Iraq War.
Thank you OHIO! #TrumpPence16https://t.co/NOF9Td9BHs https://t.co/WPMBkYjuIm
Thank you Roanoke, Virginia- be back soon! #TrumpPence16https://t.co/rwxXhfFsn1 https://t.co/HwqI2iGPDu
MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN! #TrumpPence16https://t.co/4O4yjh7X4O https://t.co/cptBaZbV1v
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain https://t.co/EXsoUOsEP4 https://t.co/3ji7a14GSw
Great POLL numbers are coming out all over. People don't want another four years of Obama, and Crooked Hillary would be even worse. #MAGA
The State of Florida is so embarrassed by the antics of Crooked Hillary Clinton and Debbie Wasserman Schultz that they will vote for CHANGE!
Wow, the Republican Convention went so smoothly compared to the Dems total mess. But fear not, the dishonest media will find a good spinnnn!
Here we go again with another Clinton scandal, and e-mails yet (can you believe). Crooked Hillary knew the fix was in, B never had a chance!
Crooked Hillary Clinton knew everything that her "servant" was doing at the DNC - they just got caught, that's all! They laughed at Bernie.
If Bernie Sanders, after seeing the just released e-mails, continues to look exhausted and done, then his legacy will never be the same.
Thank you! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain https://t.co/Pzs9uwgzam
Hillary was involved in the e-mail scandal because she is the only one with judgement so bad that such a thing could have happened!
How much BAD JUDGEMENT was on display by the people in DNC in writing those really dumb e-mails, using even religion, against Bernie!
The new joke in town is that Russia leaked the disastrous DNC e-mails, which should never have been written (stupid), because Putin likes me
Watched Crooked Hillary Clinton and Tim Kaine on 60 Minutes. No way they are going to fix America's problems. ISIS &amp; all others laughing!
The ratings for the Republican National Convention were very good, but for the final night, my speech, great. Thank you!
The highly neurotic Debbie Wasserman Schultz is angry that, after stealing and cheating her way to a Crooked Hillary victory, she's out!
The Democrats are in a total meltdown but the biased media will say how great they are doing! E-mails say the rigged system is alive &amp; well!
Even though Bernie Sanders has lost his energy and his strength, I don't believe that his supporters will let Crooked Hillary off the hook!
Crooked Hillary Clinton was not at all loyal to the person in her rigged system that pushed her over the top, DWS. Too bad Bernie flamed out
If the Republican Convention had blown up with e-mails, resignation of boss and the beat down of a big player. (Bernie), media would go wild
The @CNN panels are so one sided, almost all against Trump. @FoxNews is so much better and the ratings are much higher. Don't watch CNN!
I always said that Debbie Wasserman Schultz was overrated. The Dems Convention is cracking up and Bernie is exhausted, no energy left!
Today proves what I have always known, that @Reince Priebus is the tough one and the smart one, not Debbie Wasserman Shultz (@DWStweets.)
Sorry folks, but Bernie Sanders is exhausted, just can't go on any longer. He is trying to dismiss the new e-mails and DNC disrespect. SAD!
There is no longer a Bernie Sanders "political revolution." He is turning out to be a weak and somewhat pathetic figure,wants it all to end!
An analysis showed that Bernie Sanders would have won the Democratic nomination if it were not for the Super Delegates.
Looks like the Bernie people will fight. If not, their BLOOD, SWEAT AND TEARS was a total waste of time. Kaine stands for opposite!
Wow, President Obama's brother, Malik, just announced that he is voting for me. Was probably treated badly by president-like everybody else!
Bernie Sanders started off strong, but with the selection of Kaine for V.P., is ending really weak. So much for a movement! TOTAL DISRESPECT
The Crooked Hillary V.P. choice is VERY disrespectful to Bernie Sanders and all of his supporters. Just another case of BAD JUDGEMENT by H!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain#TrumpPence16 https://t.co/gCzHX1nyxD
Thank you to everyone for the wonderful reviews of my speech on Thursday night. From the heart!
The Wikileaks e-mail release today was so bad to Sanders that it will make it impossible for him to support her, unless he is a fraud!
Just saw Crooked Hillary and Tim Kaine together. ISIS and our other enemies are drooling. They don't look presidential to me!
I will bring jobs back and get wages up. People haven't had a real wage increase in almost twenty years. Clinton killed jobs!
Tim Kaine has been praising the Trans Pacific Partnership and has been pushing hard to get it approved. Job killer!
Funny that the Democrats would have their convention in Pennsylvania where her husband and her killed so many jobs. I will bring jobs back!
Crooked Hillary Clinton has destroyed jobs and manufacturing in Pennsylvania. Against steelworkers and miners. Husband signed NAFTA.
Leaked e-mails of DNC show plans to destroy Bernie Sanders. Mock his heritage and much more. On-line from Wikileakes, really vicious. RIGGED
Pocahontas wanted V.P. slot so badly but wasn't chosen because she has done nothing in the Senate. Also, Crooked Hillary hates her!
Tim Kaine is, and always has been, owned by the banks. Bernie supporters are outraged, was their last choice. Bernie fought for nothing!
The Bernie Sanders supporters are furious with the choice of Tim Kaine, who represents the opposite of what Bernie stands for. Philly fight?
I highly recommend the just out book - THE FIELD OF FIGHT - by General Michael Flynn. How to defeat radical Islam.
Is it the same Kaine that took hundreds of thousands of dollars in gifts while Governor of Virginia and didn't get indicted while Bob M did?
Another attack, this time in Germany. Many killed. God bless the people of Munich.
One of the best produced, including the incredible stage &amp; set, in the history of conventions. Great unity! Big T.V. ratings! @KarlRove
Thank you Cleveland. We love you and will be back many times!
What a great four days in Cleveland. So proud of the great job done by the RNC and all. The police and Secret Service were fantastic!
MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN! #RNCinCLEhttps://t.co/KH2ZFHUHGP
FORMAL ACCEPTANCE OF THE NOMINATION! #TrumpPence16 https://t.co/E6ZtVjSQZa
You can watch 360 video live from the podium! https://t.co/yqcIsBUdAi #RNCinCLE #TrumpIsWithYou #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
This is a MOVEMENT! #RNCinCLE https://t.co/bdox6JcrAp
I’m with you! I will work hard and never let you down. Make America Great Again! https://t.co/V92PkdHbG6 https://t.co/FhWHekyU4Q
I’m with you! I will work hard and never let you down. Make America Great Again! https://t.co/V92PkdHbG6 https://t.co/SQs6ERk6El
Thank you @DonaldJTrumpJr. Proud of you! #RNCinCLE #TrumpPence2016 https://t.co/gobSNWughP
We’ve just set a new goal: raise $4 million from our grassroots supporters by MIDNIGHT! https://t.co/Ssrh55C6hW https://t.co/8E0LiC8wYE
We’ve just set a new goal: raise $4 million from our grassroots supporters by MIDNIGHT! https://t.co/Ssrh55C6hW https://t.co/9Hd6dRcojF
Great job @IvankaTrump! #RNCinCLEhttps://t.co/swsAKE11F0
Other than a small group of people who have suffered massive and embarrassing losses, the party is VERY united. Great love in the arena!
Limited opportunity to get your OFFICIAL Trump gear! Shop now!  https://t.co/3lUaSztKYx
Ted Cruz talks about the Constitution but doesn't say that if the Dems win the Presidency, the new JUSTICES appointed will destroy us all!
I am soooo proud of my children, Don, Eric and Tiffany - their speeches, under enormous pressure, were incredible. Ivanka intros me tonight!
Great job @EricTrump! Proud of you!#AmericaFirst #RNCinCLE https://t.co/S7IHXDrmsJ
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! https://t.co/qL9rjb7OsD
Arena was packed, totally electric!
.@mike_pence was fantastic tonight. Will be a great V.P.
Our next Vice President of the United States of America, Gov. @Mike_Pence!#GOPinCLE #GOPConvention#AmericaFirst https://t.co/TZT3XcKp1c
Wow, Ted Cruz got booed off the stage, didn't honor the pledge! I saw his speech two hours early but let him speak anyway. No big deal!
Great job @EricTrump! Proud of you! #AmericaFirst #RNCinCLEhttps://t.co/EE7C6XKDkt https://t.co/946U6bgREQ
Limited opportunity to get your OFFICIAL Trump gear! Shop now! https://t.co/3lUaSztKYx https://t.co/ssNVgF7PTt
Limited opportunity to get your OFFICIAL Trump gear! Shop now! https://t.co/LQMDdNkUwR https://t.co/KSAv65FuiD
Thank you @ScottWalker! #AmericaFirst #RNCinCLE https://t.co/k2Poy3gGvQ
#TextTrump88022 for exclusive @realDonaldTrump updates!  We will Make America Great Again!
Thank you to Governor @ScottWalker for such warm support. Great speech!
Thank you @IngrahamAngle! #AmericaFirst https://t.co/cv3I3xRSOK
#AmericaFirst #RNCinCLE https://t.co/PvdTA8HTCC
Watching the #GOPConvention#AmericaFirst #RNCinCLE
John Kasich was never asked by me to be V.P. Just arrived in Cleveland - will be a great two days!
URGENT: we’ve just announced a $2 million fundraising goal tonight. Please stand with us! https://t.co/Ssrh55C6hW https://t.co/2KjT4TJ07Y
STATEMENT ON MELANIA SPEECHhttps://t.co/uzBOm21Pug
The media is spending more time doing a forensic analysis of Melania's speech than the FBI spent on Hillary's emails.
Good news is Melania's speech got more publicity than any in the history of politics especially if you believe that all press is good press!
In November, I think the people of Ohio will remember that the Republicans picked Cleveland instead of going to another state. Jobs!
Bill Hemmer of @FoxNews was very nice in explaining the excitement and energy in the arena. More than in past years.
Congratulations to my children, Don and Tiffany, on having done a fantastic job last night. I am very proud of you!
Such a great honor to be the Republican Nominee for President of the United States. I will work hard and never let you down! AMERICA FIRST!
The ROLL CALL is beginning at the Republican National Convention. Very exciting!
#MakeAmericaWorkAgain #TrumpPence16 #RNCinCLE https://t.co/bsUp4MSysD https://t.co/mYBjp03XYf
#MakeAmericaWorkAgain#TrumpPence16 #RNCinCLE https://t.co/xlB2C1cpKp https://t.co/5Kv03luMZW
It was truly an honor to introduce my wife, Melania. Her speech and demeanor were absolutely incredible. Very proud! #GOPConvention
Will be on @OreillyFactor tonight at 8:30pm @FoxNews- prior to Melania's speech at the #GOPConvention. Tune in- she will do great! #RNCinCLE
#MakeAmericaSafeAgain!#GOPConvention #RNCinCLE https://t.co/QniZIsGrG8 https://t.co/Kvq6r6WkQ1
Networks other than low ratings @CNN have been very fair and exciting!
.@CNN is the worst.They go to their dumb, one-sided panels when a podium speaker is for Trump! VAST MAJORITY want: Make America Great Again!
Looking forward to being at the convention tonight to watch all of the wonderful speakers including my wife, Melania. Place looks beautiful!
Thank you Mahoning County, Ohio! See you soon! #MakeAmericaSafeAgain https://t.co/TNJMUKImpK https://t.co/iFdqRvaL3q
President Obama just had a news conference, but he doesn't have a clue. Our country is a divided crime scene, and it will only get worse!
Our country is totally divided and our enemies are watching. We are not looking good, we are not looking smart, we are not looking tough!
I will be on @60Minutes tonight at 7:00 P.M. with Mike Pence talking about LAW AND ORDER and many other subjects! Bad times for divided USA!
We are TRYING to fight ISIS, and now our own people are killing our police. Our country is divided and out of control. The world is watching
We grieve for the officers killed in Baton Rouge today. How many law enforcement and people have to...https://t.co/pPNrzG8kEa
The ratings at @FoxNews blow away the ratings of @CNN - not even close. That's because CNN is the Clinton News Network and people don't like
.@FoxNews is much better, and far more truthful, than @CNN, which is all negative. Guests are stacked for Crooked Hillary! I don't watch.
If Goofy Elizabeth Warren, a very weak Senator, didn't lie about her heritage (being Native American) she would be nothing today. Pick her H
I hope that Crooked Hillary picks Goofy Elizabeth Warren, sometimes referred to as Pocahontas, as her V.P. Then we can litigate her fraud!
It doesn't matter that Crooked Hillary has experience, look at all of the bad decisions she has made. Bernie said she has bad judgement!
As the days and weeks go by,  we see what a total mess our country (and world) is in - Crooked Hillary Clinton led Obama into bad decisions!
We are going to have a great time in Cleveland. Will lead to special results for our country. We will Make America Great Again!
Goofy Elizabeth Warren, who may be the least productive Senator in the U.S. Senate, must prove she is not a fraud. Without the con it's over
Thank you to Jack Morgan, Tamara Neo, Cheryl Ann Kraft and all of my friends and supporters in Virginia. GREAT JOB!
Thank you to Chris Cox and Bikers for Trump - Your support has been amazing. I will never forget. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Donate Today To Help Make America Great Again! You Can Help Stop Crooked Hillary Clinton! https://t.co/swzCe5PiNI https://t.co/0fmgNBuAcc
Donate Today To Help Make America Great Again! You Can Help Stop Crooked Hillary Clinton! https://t.co/VlObaDG4eR https://t.co/mBDwW5orrd
Thank you! #TrumpPence16 https://t.co/RHprMCsGT6
Crooked Hillary Clinton is bought and paid for by Wall Street, lobbyists and special interests. She will sell our country down the tubes!
Very sad that a person who has made so many mistakes, Crooked Hillary Clinton, can put out such false and vicious ads with her phony money!
Crooked Hillary, who embarrassed herself and the country with her e-mail lies, has been a DISASTER on foreign policy. Look what's happening!
Crooked Hillary is spending big Wall Street money on ads saying I don't have foreign policy experience, yet look what her policies have done
Look forward to introducing Governor Mike Pence (who has done a spectacular job in the great State of Indiana). My first choice from start!
Look forward to Governor Mike Pence V.P. introduction tomorrow in New York City.
I am pleased to announce that I have chosen Governor Mike Pence as my Vice Presidential running mate. News conference tomorrow at 11:00 A.M.
Four more years of weakness with a Crooked Hillary Administration is not acceptable. Look what has happened to the world with O &amp; Hillary!
#NeverTrump is never more. They were crushed last night in Cleveland at Rules Committee by a vote of 87-12. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
My prayers and condolences to the victims and families of the terrible tragedy in Nice, France. We are with you in every way!
In light of the horrible attack in Nice, France, I have postponed tomorrow's news conference concerning my Vice Presidential announcement.
Another horrific attack, this time in Nice, France. Many dead and injured. When will we learn? It is only getting worse.
I employ many people in the State of Virginia - JOBS, JOBS, JOBS! Crooked Hillary will sell us out, just like her husband did with NAFTA.
Another new poll. Thank you for your support! Join the MOVEMENT today! #ImWithYou https://t.co/3KWOl2ibaW https://t.co/miT4atHxQz
Great new poll- thank you America!#Trump2016 #ImWithYou https://t.co/aVH9c5QRwc
I will be making the announcement of my Vice Presidential pick on Friday at 11am in Manhattan. Details to follow.
If I win the Presidency, we will swamp Justice Ginsburg with real judges and real legal opinions!
Even the @NYTimes and @WashingtonPost Editorial Boards condemned Justice Ginsburg for her ethical and legal breach. What was she thinking?
Is Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg going to apologize to me for her misconduct? Big mistake by an incompetent judge!
On my way to San Diego to raise money for the Republican Party. I am spending a lot myself and also helping others.
Voters understand that Crooked Hillary's negative ads are not true- just like her email lies and her other fraudulent activity.
Despite spending $500k a day on TV ads alone #CrookedHillary falls flat in nationwide @QuinnipiacPoll. Having ZERO impact. Sad!!
Lyin' Crooked Hillary's email stories all have one thing in common. https://t.co/teoVCYXKOR
Is President Obama trying to destroy Israel with all his bad moves? Think about it and let me know!
The Republican platform is most pro-Israel of all time!
New GOP platform now includes language that supports the border wall. We will build the wall and MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN!
#CrookedHillary is outspending me by a combined 31 to 1 in Florida, Ohio, &amp; Pennsylvania. I haven't started yet! https://t.co/BcoPrwqFMe
Thank you Florida, Ohio, and Pennsylvania! #CrookedHillary is not qualified. #ImWithYou https://t.co/M1yzgyeEdY
Thank you! #ImWithYou https://t.co/6XkUQ0W4QS
Justice Ginsburg of the U.S. Supreme Court has embarrassed all by making very dumb political statements about me. Her mind is shot - resign!
THANK YOU INDIANA! #Trump2016 https://t.co/Jmkah9wGaA
Thank you Iowa- see you soon!#Trump2016 #ImWithYou https://t.co/gva0MbgnuO https://t.co/PE1jdqZysc
I will be interviewed by @oreillyfactor tonight on @FoxNews at 8pm. Enjoy!
The American people agree. No free pass for #CrookedHillary! https://t.co/lTjLVKkzh1
To all the Bernie voters who want to stop bad trade deals &amp; global special interests, we welcome you with open arms. People first.
Bernie sanders has abandoned his supporters by endorsing pro-war pro-TPP pro-Wall Street Crooked Hillary Clinton.
Bernie Sanders endorsing Crooked Hillary Clinton is like Occupy Wall Street endorsing Goldman Sachs.
#CrookedHillary is not qualified!https://t.co/6qi7KTW43O
I am somewhat surprised that Bernie Sanders was not true to himself and his supporters. They are not happy that he is selling out!
Bernie Sanders, who has lost most of his leverage, has totally sold out to Crooked Hillary Clinton. He will endorse her today - fans angry!
This election is a choice between law, order &amp; safety - or chaos, crime &amp; violence. I will make America safe again for everyone. #ImWithYou
For too many years, our inner cities have been left behind. I am going to deliver jobs, safety and protection for those in need.
Crime is out of control, and rapidly getting worse. Look what is going on in Chicago and our inner cities. Not good!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #ImWithYouhttps://t.co/lb5ViCDH0g https://t.co/roVn7pAVfy
Senior United States District Judge Robert E. Payne today ruled in favor of Trump campaign delegates who had argued..https://t.co/qVwfjgCHU7
Speech on Veterans' Reform:https://t.co/XB7RMwesMK
Great poll- Florida! Thank you! https://t.co/4FuPpL5WOM
Thoughts and prayers with the victims, and their families- along with everyone at the Berrien County Courthouse in St. Joseph, Michigan.
Join me in Westfield, Indiana- tomorrow night at 7:30pm! #Trump2016 Tickets: https://t.co/Jj9TmSEoOd https://t.co/Rq6YRHlpib
I heard that the underachieving John King of @CNN on Inside Politics was one hour of lies. Happily, few people are watching - dead network!
The media is so dishonest. If I make a statement, they twist it and turn it to make it sound bad or foolish.They think the public is stupid!
President Obama thinks the nation is not as divided as people think. He is living in a world of the make believe!
Look what is happening to our country under the WEAK leadership of Obama and people like Crooked Hillary Clinton. We are a divided nation!
New poll - thank you! #Trump2016https://t.co/Mi87Vmw06H https://t.co/WmqvcYG4r3
Way to go @serenawilliams  - you are a true champion. Proud of you!
MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN!https://t.co/m0AJWlV8nm https://t.co/P0GleHEmJy
Isn't it sad that on a day of national tragedy Hillary Clinton is answering softball questions about her email lies on @CNN?
Due to the horrific events taking place in our country, I have decided to postpone my speech on economic opportunity- today in Miami.
Last night's horrific execution-style shootings of 12 Dallas law enforcement officers...https://t.co/mwzYU98yTt
Prayers and condolences to all of the families who are so thoroughly devastated by the horrors we are all watching take place in our country
After today, Crooked Hillary can officially be called Lyin' Crooked Hillary.
Thank you Speaker @PRyan!#AmericaFirst #Trump2016  https://t.co/PPsyxGPdFc
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain  https://t.co/fxlVgfAA1l
Thank you Rep. Collins! #Trump2016 https://t.co/zkmPywMDxg
Just leaving D.C. Had great meetings with Republicans in the House and Senate. Very interesting day! These are people who love our country!
Great being in Cincinnati, Ohio last night- thank you! Off to Washington D.C. now. #Trump2016 #AmericaFirst https://t.co/sryJgRyd56
Where is the outrage for this Disney book? Is this the 'Star of David' also? Dishonest media! #Frozen https://t.co/4LJBpSm8xa
To all of my twitter followers, please contribute whatever you can to the campaign. We must beat Crooked Hillary. https://t.co/Xv8Q1GuWiH
Convention speaker schedule to be released tomorrow. Let today be devoted to Crooked Hillary and the rigged system under which we live.
I have over seven million hits on social media re Crooked Hillary Clinton. Check it out Sleepy Eyes, @MarkHalperin @NBCPolitics
Sleepy eyes Chuck Todd, a man with so little touch for politics, is at it again.He could not have watched my standing ovation speech in N.C.
Even the once great Caesars is bankrupt in A.C. Others to follow. Ask the Democrat City Council what happened to Atlantic City.
Hillary Clinton should ask why the Democrat pols in Atlantic City made all the wrong moves - Convention Center, Airport - and destroyed City
I made a lot of money in Atlantic City and left 7 years ago, great timing (as all know). Pols made big mistakes, now many bankruptcies.
Crooked Hillary Clinton lied to the FBI and to the people of our country. She is sooooo guilty. But watch, her time will come!
The rigged system may have helped Hillary Clinton escape criminal charges, but...https://t.co/KO64IAMDgj https://t.co/8CBSfNpl2l
Crooked Hillary has once again been proven to be a person who is dishonest, incompetent and of very bad judgement.
Crooked Hillary Clinton and her team "were extremely careless in their handling of very sensitive, highly classified information." Not fit!
Crooked Hillary Clinton is unfit to serve as President of the U.S. Her temperament is weak and her opponents are strong. BAD JUDGEMENT!
I don't think the voters will forget the rigged system that allowed Crooked Hillary to get away with "murder." Come November 8, she's out!
Raised a lot of money for the Republican Party. There will be a big gasp when the figures are announced in the morning. Lots of support! Win
I will be interviewed by @oreillyfactor tonight on @FoxNews at 11pm. Enjoy!
My son, @EricTrump will be interviewed by @SeanHannity tonight at 10pm on @FoxNews. Enjoy!
Looking forward to meeting with @SenBobCorker in a little while. We will be traveling to North Carolina together today.
FBI director said Crooked Hillary compromised our national security. No charges. Wow! #RiggedSystem
The system is rigged. General Petraeus got in trouble for far less. Very very unfair! As usual, bad judgment.
It was great spending time with @joniernst yesterday. She has done a fantastic job for the people of Iowa and U.S. Will see her again!
Taxpayers are paying a fortune for the use of Air Force One on the campaign trail by President Obama and Crooked Hillary. A total disgrace!
On @FoxNews at 7:00 P.M. "Special: Meet the Trumps" Hope you enjoy!
Why is President Obama allowed to use Air Force One on the campaign trail with Crooked Hillary? She is flying with him tomorrow. Who pays?
With Hillary and Obama, the terrorist attacks will only get worse. Politically correct fools, won't even call it what it is - RADICAL ISLAM!
Crooked Hillary Clinton is "guilty as hell" but the system is totally rigged and corrupt! Where are the 33,000 missing e-mails?
The only people who are not interested in being the V.P. pick are the people who have not been asked!
I look forward to meeting @joniernst today in New Jersey. She has done a great job as Senator of Iowa!
Spent time with Indiana Governor Mike Pence and family yesterday. Very impressed, great people!
Senator Tom Cotton was great on Meet the Press yesterday. Despite a totally one-sided interview by Chuck Todd, the end result was solid!
Dishonest media is trying their absolute best to depict a star in a tweet as the Star of David rather than a Sheriff's Star, or plain star!
Happy 4th of July! #Trump2016 #AmericaFirst https://t.co/Ndb3AQrLtY https://t.co/YhHyQjwJW6
Crooked Hillary will NEVER be able to handle the complexities and danger of ISIS - it will just go on forever. We need change!
The third mass attack (slaughter) in days by ISIS. 200 dead in Baghdad, worst in many years. We do not have leadership that can stop this!
In Bangladesh, hostages were immediately killed by ISIS terrorists if they were unable to cite a verse from the Koran. 20 were killed!
I believe that Crooked Hillary sent Bill to have the meeting with the U.S.A.G. So Bill is not in trouble with H except that he got caught!
The SECRET meeting between Bill Clinton and the U.S.A.G. in back of closed plane was heightened with FBI shouting "go away, no pictures."
Does anybody really believe that Bill Clinton and the U.S.A.G. talked only about "grandkids" and golf for 37 minutes in plane on tarmac?
"THE SYSTEM IS RIGGED!"
On Saturday a great man, Elie Wiesel, passed away.The world is a better place because of him and his belief that good can triumph over evil!
Crooked Hillary Clinton knew that her husband wanted to meet with the U.S.A.G. to work out a deal. The system is totally rigged &amp; corrupt!
Only a fool would believe that the meeting between Bill Clinton and the U.S.A.G. was not arranged or that Crooked Hillary did not know.
Just watched @meetthepress and how totally biased against me Chuck Todd, and the entire show, is against me.The good news-the people get it!
It was just announced-by sources-that no charges will be brought against Crooked Hillary Clinton. Like I said, the system is totally rigged!
It is impossible for the FBI not to recommend criminal charges against Hillary Clinton. What she did was wrong! What Bill did was stupid!
Thank you @greta. #ImWithYou https://t.co/SLdqNhD4Tm
Thank you for your support!#AmericaFirst #LeadRight2016  https://t.co/a6f6xZNrym
Thank you! #AmericaFirst https://t.co/MYG45LxGmH
If I become the next POTUS- they will not be ignoring! #AmericaFirst https://t.co/97R0cQdnGI
Crooked Hillary -- Makes History! #ImWithYou #AmericaFirst https://t.co/PKQhYhMmIX
The #2A to our Constitution is clear. The right of the people to keep &amp; bear Arms shall not be infringed upon. https://t.co/sqe12D0MBJ
#AmericaFirst #ImWithYou https://t.co/iEcnnlJ728
The speakers slots at the Republican Convention are totally filled, with a long waiting list of those that want to speak - Wednesday release
Just read in the failing @nytimes that I was not aware "the event had to be held in Cleveland" - a total lie. These people are sick!
When you can't say it - or see it -- you can't fix it. We will MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN! #ImWithYou #AmericaFirst https://t.co/Vd2A747L29
Just returned from Colorado. Amazing crowd!
Thank you for inviting me to the Western Conservative Summit in Colorado! #ImWithYou #WCS16 https://t.co/lK3UW4fY2q https://t.co/QDQhRRuBbG
Thank you for your support! We will MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN! #ImWithYou #AmericaFirst https://t.co/ravfFT5UBE
These crimes won't be happening if I'm elected POTUS. Killer should have never been here. #AmericaFirst https://t.co/XDGKaj0ico
Yet another terrorist attack today in Israel -- a father, shot at by a Palestinian terrorist, was killed while:https://t.co/Cv1HzKVbiT
Horrible killing of a 13 year old American girl at her home in Israel by a Palestinian terrorist. We must get tough. https://t.co/zauQ6kb9Hj
.@TraceAdkins great job on FOX this morning. Keep up the good work!
Take a look at what happened w/ Bill Clinton. The system is totally rigged. Does anybody really believe that meeting was just a coincidence?
Bill Clinton's meeting was a total secret. Nobody was to know about it but he was caught by a local reporter.
As Bernie Sanders said, Hillary Clinton has bad judgement. Bill's meeting was probably initiated and demanded by Hillary!
#ThrowbackThursday #Trump2016https://t.co/gFtspBViXe
I will be interviewed by @SeanHannity tonight at 10pm on FOX! Enjoy!
The reason I put up approximately $50 million for my successful primary campaign is very simple, I want to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I have self funded my winning primary campaign with an approx. $50 million loan. I have totally terminated the loan!
The very dishonest @NBCNews refuses to accept the fact that I have forgiven my $50 million loan to my campaign. Done deal!
One of the reasons Hillary hid her emails was so the public wouldn't see how she got rich- selling out America. https://t.co/mO9QrmYXRD
Why would college graduates want Crooked Hillary as their President? She will destroy them! https://t.co/S80xxdeHfG
New book by @ericbolling is absolutely terrific and a must read! #WakeUpAmerica
The story with Hillary will never change. https://t.co/h0Av3TAIiM
For reasons only they can explain, the @USChamber wants to continue our bad trade deals rather than renegotiating and making them better.
Tremendous day in Massachusetts and Maine. Thank you to everyone for making it so special!
I will be on @oreillyfactor at 8:00 P.M. Enjoy!
ISIS exploded on Hillary Clinton's watch- she's done nothing about it and never will. Not capable!
Will be in Bangor, Maine today! Join me- 4pmE at the Cross Insurance Center! https://t.co/y4n4nERPFr https://t.co/7LAPewxE05
New Q poll out- we are going to win the whole deal- and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! #Trump2016 https://t.co/dL5ahNcwZb
Just watched Senator John Barrasso on @FoxNews - He was great! Thank you John.
Why would the USChamber be upset by the fact that I want to negotiate better and stronger trade deals or that I want penalties for cheaters?
The @USCHAMBER must fight harder for the American worker. China, and many others, are taking advantage of U.S. with our terrible trade pacts
Iron Mike Tyson was not asked to speak at the Convention though I'm sure he would do a good job if he was. The media makes everything up!
We must do everything possible to keep this horrible terrorism outside the United States.
Yet another terrorist attack, this time in Turkey. Willthe world ever realize what is going on? So sad.
Hillary Clinton’s Presidency would be catastrophic forthe future of our country. She is ill-fit with bad judgment.
Benghazi is just another Hillary Clinton failure. It justnever seems to work the way it's supposed to with Clinton.
Check it out - 2nd video on Lying Crooked Hillary is now online! Watch it here: https://t.co/5mtwkOvQnd #CrookedHillary #Trump2016
.@CNN is all negative when it comes to me. I don't watch it anymore.
The media is unrelenting. They will only go with and report a story in a negative light. I called Brexit (Hillary was wrong), watch November
Crooked Hillary is wheeling out one of the least productive senators in the U.S. Senate, goofy Elizabeth Warren, who lied on heritage.
The "dirty" poll done by @ABC @washingtonpost is a disgrace. Even they admit that many more Democrats were polled. Other polls were good.
Crooked Hillary Attacks Foreign Government Donations - While Ignoring Her Own: https://t.co/pr3BSHJSxL
Crooked Hillary Clinton got Brexit wrong. I said LEAVE will win. She has no sense of markets and such bad judgement. Only a question of time
Hillary Clinton is not a change agent, just the same old status quo! She is spending a fortune, I am spending very little. Close in polls!
People in our country want borders, and without them the old line pols like Crooked Hillary will not win. It is time for CHANGE -- and JOBS!
Top 50 Facts About Crooked Hillary Clinton From Trump 'Stakes Of The Election' Address: https://t.co/lfUdXYnsgJ
The @ABC poll sample is heavy on Democrats.  Very dishonest - why would they do that? Other polls good!
Crooked Hillary just took a major ad of me playing golf at Turnberry. Shows me hitting shot, but I never did = lie! Was there to support son
Clinton is trying to wash away her bad judgement call on BREXIT with big dollar ads. Disgraceful!
Crooked Hillary Clinton, who called BREXIT 100% wrong (along with Obama), is now spending Wall Street money on an ad on my correct call.
George Will, one of the most overrated political pundits (who lost his way long ago), has left the Republican Party.He's made many bad calls
Just landed in New York - a one night stay in Scotland. Turnberry came out magnificently. My son, Eric, did a great job - under budget!
Obama has blocked ICE officers and BP from doing their jobs. That ends when I am President!
I have never liked the media term 'mass deportation' -- but we must enforce the laws of the land!
We only want to admit those who love our people and support our values. #AmericaFirst
We must suspend immigration from regions linked with terrorism until a proven vetting method is in place.
Thank you to everyone who came out &amp; joined us @TrumpTurnberry yesterday! @EricTrump @IvankaTrump @DonaldJTrumpJr https://t.co/hQ1JTMrUtG
On the 13th tee box @TrumpScotland with my grand daughter, Kai! @DonaldJTrumpJr https://t.co/7ii4KUfsab
Arriving @TrumpScotland with @DonaldJTrumpJr &amp; @EricTrump. Back to New York tonight. Video: https://t.co/2GUKqOTHS5
So funny, Crooked Hillary called BREXIT so incorrectly, and now she says that she is the one to deal with the U.K. All talk, no action!
Thoughts and prayers are with everyone in West Virginia- dealing with the devastating floods. #ImWithYou
Many people are equating BREXIT, and what is going on in Great Britain, with what is happening in the U.S. People want their country back!
The opening of Trump Turnberry in Scotland was a big success. Good timing, I was here for BREXIT. Very exciting news conference today!
Crooked Hillary called it totally wrong on BREXIT - she went with Obama - and now she is saying we need her to lead. She would be a disaster
I want all Americans to succeed together. President Obama's illegal executive amnesty undermines job prospects for...https://t.co/dpIDejXzJw
New Government data by the Center for Immigration Studies shows more than 3M new legal &amp; illegal immigrants settled..https://t.co/hMFyZc1kAM
America is proud to stand shoulder-to-shoulder w/a free &amp; ind UK. We stand together as friends, as allies, &amp; as a people w/a shared history.
Self-determination is the sacred right of all free people's, and the people of the UK have exercised that right for all the world to see.
Getting ready to open the magnificent Turnberry in Scotland. What a great day, especially when added to the brave &amp; brilliant vote.
Statement Regarding British Referendum on E.U. Membershiphttps://t.co/GwWRxT3BVp
Just arrived in Scotland. Place is going wild over the vote. They took their country back, just like we will take America back. No games!
Congratulations to my son, Eric, on the fantastic job he has done in rebuilding Turnberry, and its great Ailsa Course. Always support kids!
Leaving now for a one night trip to Scotland in order to be at the Grand Opening of my great Turnberry Resort. Will be back on Sat. night!
Meet the amazing mother whose letter I read during my speech. She lost her son to policies supported by Clinton. https://t.co/NdGQI6Dnji
Read my full statement here on the Supreme Court's executive amnesty decision #imwithyou https://t.co/sb1Ag1Eb27
Here is another CNN lie. The Clinton News Network is losing all credibility. I’m not watching it much anymore.  https://t.co/pNSgSjD5gW
CNN, which is totally biased in favor of Clinton, should apologize. They knew they were wrong.  https://t.co/KR7OnS8h6s
Our inner cities have been left behind. We will never have the resources to support our people if we have an open border.
On immigration, I’m consulting with our immigration officers&amp; our wage-earners. Hillary Clinton is consulting with Wall Street.
Obama &amp; Clinton should stop meeting with special interests, &amp; start meeting with the victims of illegal immigration.
Hillary Clinton’s open borders are tearing American families apart. I am going to make our country Safe Again for all Americans. #Imwithyou
SC has kept us safe from exec amnesty--for now. But Hillary has pledged to expand it, taking jobs from Hispanic &amp; African-American workers.
Hillary Lies to Benghazi Families#CrookedHillary https://t.co/YWd5lk5skG
ISIS threatens us today because of the decisions Hillary Clinton has made along with President Obama."  --  Donald J. Trump
"Hillary Clinton may be the most corrupt person ever to seek the presidency."  --   Donald J. Trump
Thank you to Donald Rumsfeld for the endorsement. Very much appreciated. Clinton's conduct has been "disqualifying."
#Imwithyou https://t.co/tan8BmAuR8 https://t.co/5EZ7X1ZZKh
#Imwithyou https://t.co/iY4K7Wcw3C
Hillary says things can't change. I say they have to change. It's a choice between Americanism and her corrupt globalism. #Imwithyou
Crooked Hillary refuses to say that she will be raising taxes beyond belief! She will be a disaster for jobs and the economy!
I will be interviewed by @LouDobbs tonight on @FoxBusiness 7pm ET
Hillary defrauded America as Secy of State. She used it as a personal hedge fund to get herself rich! Corrupt, dangerous, dishonest.
If you want to know about Hillary Clinton's honesty &amp; judgment, ask the family of Ambassador Stevens.
Hillary took money and did favors for regimes that enslave women and murder gays.
I am "the king of debt."That has been great for me as a businessman, but is bad for the country. I made a fortune off of debt, will fix U.S.
Obama-Clinton inherited $10T in debt and turned it into nearly $20T.  They have bankrupted… https://t.co/1COtt0RPY7
Hillary Clinton's open borders immigration policies will drive down wages for all Americans - and make everyone less safe.
How can Hillary run the economy when she can't even send emails without putting entire nation at risk?
Hillary Clinton surged the trade deficit with China 40% asSecretary of State, costing Americans millions of jobs.
Hillary says this election is about judgment.  She's right.  Her judgement has killed thousands, unleashed ISIS and wrecked the economy.
I will be making a big speech tomorrow to discuss the failed policies and bad judgment of Crooked Hillary Clinton.
Crooked Hillary Clinton is totally unfit to be our president-really bad judgement and a temperament, according to new book, which is a mess!
When I said that if, within the Orlando club, you had some people with guns, I was obviously talking about additional guards or employees
.@DJohnsonPGA We are so proud of you Dustin. Your reaction under pressure was amazing. First of many Majors. You are a true CHAMPION!
Yesterday's failing @NYTimes fraudulently shows an empty room prior to my speech, when in fact, it was packed! https://t.co/iFuf8MdTEH
How can the NY Times show an empty room hours before my speech even started when they knew it was going to be packed? So totally dishonest!
Donald Trump's Speech Is a Game Changer. #Trump2016https://t.co/VXjtSivvuU https://t.co/dIK3IyrYGC
See you soon Arizona! #Trump2016 https://t.co/W4z2eW5ay4
I love you Arizona! Thank you!#Trump2016 #AmericaFirst https://t.co/QuTsSmeVdO
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN!#Trump2016 #AmericaFirst https://t.co/vN4K8FvQNT
Thank you Las Vegas, Nevada!#Trump2016 #AmericaFirst https://t.co/vhGwmhGCVR https://t.co/m1EIra7YMU
In Las Vegas, getting ready to speak!
Join me in Phoenix, Arizona today at 4pm! #Trump2016 #AmericaFirst https://t.co/PVB6QX7VpK https://t.co/hSaIurAfvD
Thank you Houston, Texas! #AmericaFirst #Trump2016 https://t.co/593p8uRPhq
Thank you! #AmericaFirst  https://t.co/TZf8uwQO4L
The convention in Cleveland will be amazing!  https://t.co/NlF2Gcr915
Thank you- on my way!  https://t.co/uTCXPbWpve
Thank you @DallasPD!  https://t.co/ORJyN4FsNI
Join me in Phoenix, Arizona tomorrow at 4pm! #Trump2016 #AmericaFirsthttps://t.co/PVB6QX7VpK https://t.co/B51r30Mazd
THANK YOU! #AmericaFirst https://t.co/qp07UfnnjM
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN!
People very unhappy with Crooked Hillary and Obama on JOBS and SAFETY! Biggest trade deficit in many years! More attacks will follow Orlando
Amazing crowd last night in Dallas - more spirit and passion than ever before. Today, all over the great State of Texas!
Thank you Dallas, Texas! https://t.co/ui9tSfMcS8 https://t.co/2iYArmM7oN
Houston, TX:https://t.co/nvHRnfi2N7Las Vegas, NVhttps://t.co/ksU8AGrFBSPhoenix, AZ:https://t.co/PVB6QX7VpK https://t.co/2ToWwthEeF
Join me in Houston, Texas tomorrow night at 7pm! Tickets: https://t.co/nvHRnfzEbH https://t.co/Yd3f8xLpPl
"Donald Trumps Speech Is a Game Changer." https://t.co/VXjtSivvuU https://t.co/J777QHdYa3
The trade deficit rose to a 7yr high thanks to horrible trade policies Clinton supports. I will fix it fast- JOBS! https://t.co/jaGeN4u50U
McAllen, Texas- 8 miles from U.S. - Mexico border. #Trump2016 Video: https://t.co/pQ4nSTnVrK https://t.co/dKBTP1QjH3
I will be interviewed on @greta at 7:00 P.M.  @FoxNews
Finally an accurate story from the Washington Post!https://t.co/0nNKEBSd73
Join me in Dallas, Texas on Thursday!#AmericaFirst #Trump2016 https://t.co/fX0kXZUNqz https://t.co/c7sCbHDAQh
Thank you Atlanta, Georgia! Will be back soon! #AmericaFirst https://t.co/cVJvfcoGOt
I will be meeting with the NRA, who has endorsed me, about not allowing people on the terrorist watch list, or the no fly list, to buy guns.
The press is so totally biased that we have no choice but to take our tough but fair and smart message directly to the people!
An: Media fell all over themselves criticizing what DonaldTrump "may have insinuated about @POTUS." But he's right: https://t.co/bIIdYtvZYw
Thank you Greensboro, North Carolina! Will be back soon! #AmericaFirst https://t.co/R29WMGNLGG
TONIGHT! NORTH CAROLINA:https://t.co/UolRS3aT6WWEDNESDAY! GEORGIA:https://t.co/1JJ2Kn0aniSATURDAY! NEVADA:https://t.co/x3w1PHtLXP
HAPPY 241st BIRTHDAY to the @USArmy! THANK YOU! https://t.co/mXsxkfcstC
Thank you to the LGBT community! I will fight for you while Hillary brings in more people that will threaten your freedoms and beliefs.
AMERICA FIRST!
American must now get very tough, very smart and very vigilant. We cannot admit people into our country without extraordinary screening.
Join me in Atlanta on Wednesday- at noon! #Trump2016Tickets: https://t.co/1JJ2Kn0ani https://t.co/cyARlHSEFU
Crooked Hillary says we must call on Saudi Arabia and other countries to stop funding hate. I am calling on- cont'd: https://t.co/T1fVcu3mEC
Saudi Arabia and many of the countries that gave vast amounts of money to the Clinton Foundation- cont'd: https://t.co/t31ReRSzzy
I thought people weren’t celebrating? They were cheering all over, even this savage from Orlando. I was right. https://t.co/DrVa65X9rI
In my speech on protecting America I spoke about a temporary ban, which includes suspending immigration from nations tied to Islamic terror.
Based on the incredibly inaccurate coverage and reporting of the record setting Trump campaign, we are hereby:  https://t.co/THKJwjNkaz
I am no fan of President Obama, but to show you how dishonest the phony Washington Post is: https://t.co/cITm8BPixD
TERRORISM, IMMIGRATION, AND NATIONAL SECURITY SPEECH- TRANSCRIPT: https://t.co/WD1LGFKx3M https://t.co/T7yHSdCeU8
Congratulations to the 2016 #StanleyCup Champions, Pittsburgh @Penguins!
I am watching @FoxNews and how fairly they are treating me and my words, and @CNN, and the total distortion of my words and what I am saying
I will be going to New Hampshire today, home of my first primary victory, to discuss terror and the horrible events of yesterday. 2:30 P.M.
I have been hitting Obama and Crooked Hillary hard on not using the term Radical Islamic Terror. Hillary just broke-said she would now use!
What has happened in Orlando is just the beginning. Our leadership is weak and ineffective. I called it and asked for the ban. Must be tough
Reporting that Orlando killer shouted "Allah hu Akbar!" as he slaughtered clubgoers. 2nd man arrested in LA with rifles near Gay parade.
Is President Obama going to finally mention the words radical Islamic terrorism? If he doesn't he should immediately resign in disgrace!
Appreciate the congrats for being right on radical Islamic terrorism, I don't want congrats, I want toughness &amp; vigilance. We must be smart!
Horrific incident in FL. Praying for all the victims &amp; their families. When will this stop? When will we get tough, smart &amp; vigilant?
Clinton made a false ad about me where I was imitating a reporter GROVELING after he changed his story. I would NEVER mock disabled. Shame!
Really bad shooting in Orlando. Police investigating possible terrorism. Many people dead and wounded.
Goofy Elizabeth Warren, sometimes referred to as Pocahontas, pretended to be a Native American in order to advance her career. Very racist!
Riley Rone was a great young man. We will miss him dearly. https://t.co/R0tm44nMao
Join me on Tuesday- in Greensboro, North Carolina! #Trump2016 #AmericaFirst https://t.co/iaL5IGTfV3
Thank you Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania! Will be back soon! #AmericaFirst https://t.co/ttLMgInkdA
Thank you to our amazing law enforcement officers! #AmericaFirst https://t.co/qWaTT9jsQD
Thank you Tampa, Florida!#AmericaFirst #TrumpTrain https://t.co/fY4QVoSSfj
Sad case- @USATODAY did article saying I don't pay bills- false, only don't pay when work is shoddy, bad, or not done! They should do same!
In Tampa, Florida- thank you to all of our outstanding volunteers who want to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! https://t.co/04qqpGylT7
Don King, and so many other African Americans who know me well and endorsed me, would not have done so if they thought I was a racist!
Mitt Romney had his chance to beat a failed president but he choked like a dog. Now he calls me racist-but I am least racist person there is
Thank you Richmond, Virginia! #Trump2016 https://t.co/SxU4yzCLQf
Thank you @FaithandFreedom Coalition! An honor joining you today- to discuss our shared values.#RTM2016 #Trump2016 https://t.co/Ye6IhOW6ZM
Heading to Richmond, Virginia now. Join me tonight! #Trump2016Tickets: https://t.co/I2CJSqiKGN
#FlashbackFriday #CrookedHillary https://t.co/pvrBb7v4NG
I rarely agree with President Obama- however he is 100% correct about Crooked Hillary Clinton. Great ad!https://t.co/aOvVsZfAW3
2004 VIDEO:Pocahontas describing Crooked Hillary Clinton as a Corporate Donor Puppet. Time for change! #Trump2016 https://t.co/rZ1MqUzpKU
Heading to D.C. to speak at Faith and Freedom Coalition and visit OPO.
"Donald Trump Plans To Continue GOPLegacy Of Leading On Women’s, Civil Rights Against Racist, Sexist Democrats" https://t.co/nEPqAYw1G5
The great boxing promoter, Don King, just endorsed me. Nice!
Join me! 6/10: Richmond, VA - 8pm6/11: Tampa, FL - 11am6/11: Pittsburgh, PA - 3pm6/13: Portsmouth, NH - 2:30pmhttps://t.co/kv624y9UOm
Pocahontas is at it again! Goofy Elizabeth Warren, one of the least productive U.S. Senators, has a nasty mouth. Hope she is V.P. choice.
Join me! #Trump20166/10: Richmondhttps://t.co/I2CJSqAlyl6/11: Tampahttps://t.co/6jk33orxXG6/11: Pittsburghhttps://t.co/bwgL1ZXtC7
Thank you Roseanne, very much appreciated. https://t.co/COXEJ1In8D
How long did it take your staff of 823 people to think that up--and where are your 33,000 emails that you deleted? https://t.co/gECLNtQizQ
A message of condolences and support regarding the terrorist attacks in Tel Aviv: https://t.co/iulXLEANei
Obama just endorsed Crooked Hillary. He wants four more years of Obama—but nobody else does!
Crooked Hillary Clinton will be a disaster on jobs, the economy, trade, healthcare, the military, guns and just about all else. Obama plus!
As expected, the media is very much against me. Their dishonesty is amazing but, just like our big wins in the primaries, we will win!
Bernie Sanders must really dislike Crooked Hillary after the way she played him. Many of his supporters, because of trade, will come to me.
I would have had many millions of votes more than Crooked Hillary Clinton except for the fact that I had 16 opponents, she had one!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!#AmericaFirst #Trump2016 https://t.co/42OpVsjXjp
Nobody is watching @Morning_Joe anymore. Gone off the deep end - bad ratings. You won't believe what I am watching now!
Thank you to all for your wonderful comments on my speech. I could feel the electricity in thr air. Great reviews - most votes ever recieved
Thank you California! #Trump2016 https://t.co/GusL2UPrX2 https://t.co/H6D25S1TR5
Thank you New Mexico! #Trump2016https://t.co/wNOY8Pc2kM https://t.co/osWzVxNkJx
Thank you South Dakota! #Trump2016 https://t.co/GbRTQdxIj4 https://t.co/pNqwOrY0ZB
Thank you New Jersey! #Trump2016https://t.co/PgIYkHLGtI https://t.co/MyJMOKdpJ9
Thank you Montana! #Trump2016https://t.co/rOvTapLnWG https://t.co/PyHiy7vjO6
I will be speaking about our great journey to the Republican nomination at 9:00 P.M. The movement toward a country that WINS again continues
I will be interviewed tonight on @seanhannity - Enjoy!  10:00 P.M.
Thank you! Together we will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! https://t.co/7Jk6voyzue
In just out book, Secret Service Agent Gary Byrne doesn't believe that Crooked Hillary has the temperament or integrity to be the president!
A former Secret Service Agent for President Clinton excoriates Crooked Hillary describing her as ERRATIC &amp; VIOLENT. Bad temperament for pres
See, when I said NATO was obsolete because of no terrorism protection, they made the change without giving me credit.https://t.co/sRCF1H3rjg
Thank you Diamond and Silk! https://t.co/qdsLUy2hqD
Remembering the fallen heroes on #DDay - June 6, 1944. https://t.co/od7vsDMlHY
I am getting bad marks from certain pundits because I have a small campaign staff. But small is good, flexible, save money and number one!
A massive blow to Obama's message - only 38,000 new jobs for month in just issued jobs report. That's REALLY bad!
Crooked Hillary is being badly criticized (for a Wall Street paid for ad) by PolitiFact for a false ad on me on women. She is a total fraud!
Crooked Hillary Clinton has not held a news conference in more than 7 months. Her record is so bad she is unable to answer tough questions!
Just like I have been able to spend far less money than  others on the campaign and finish #1, so too should our country. We can be great!
People like @KatyTurNBC report on my campaign, but have zero access. They say what they want without any knowledge.True of so much of media!
Hillary Clinton is unfit to be president. She has bad judgement, poor leadership skills and a very bad and destructive track record. Change!
I am watching @CNN very little lately because they are so biased against me. Shows are predictable garbage! CNN and MSM is one big lie!
The Clinton News Network, sometimes referred to as @CNN, is getting more and more biased.They act so indignant-hear them behind closed doors
Thank you Attorney General Gonzales, so many people feel this way. https://t.co/fMR8YYiiMz
We just had the worst jobs report since 2010.
The Mayor of San Jose did a terrible job of ordering the  protection of innocent people. The thugs were lucky supporters remained peaceful!
Many of the thugs that attacked the peaceful Trump supporters in San Jose were illegals. They burned the American flag and laughed at police
Muhammad Ali is dead at 74! A truly great champion and a wonderful guy. He will be missed by all!
Thank you Redding, California!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #CAPrimary https://t.co/nFiydpTpPn
Great evening in San Jose other than the thugs. My supporters are far tougher if they want to be, but fortunately they are not hostile.
So much interest in my visit to Scotland! I greatly look forward to attending the opening event @TrumpTurnberry- taking place on June 24th.
"I'm a former chief of police in a border town. I'm Hispanic, I'm proud to be Hispanic and I'm 100% behind Trump."https://t.co/8YtBU7j17m
In Crooked Hillary's telepromter speech yesterday, she made up things that I said or believe but have no basis in fact. Not honest!
I don't watch or do @Morning_Joe anymore. Small audience, low ratings! I hear Mika has gone wild with hate. Joe is Joe. They lost their way!
Rally last night in San Jose was great. Tremendous love and enthusiasm in the hall. Big crowd. Outside, small group of thugs burned Am flag!
Terrible jobs report just reported. Only 38,000 jobs added. Bombshell!
Then, on June 25th- back to the USA to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
After @TrumpScotland, I will visit @TrumpDoonbeg in Ireland, the magnificent resort fronting on the Atlantic Ocean.
After @TrumpTurnberry I will be visiting Aberdeen, the oil capital of Europe, to see my great club, @TrumpScotland.
On June 22- I will be going to Scotland to celebrate the opening of the newly renovated @TrumpTurnberry Resort, the worlds best.
Join me in Redding, California- tomorrow at 1:00pm. #Trump2016Tickets: https://t.co/tyllhxJHC7
.@Natalie_Gulbis- Thank you for the nice piece in @SInow / @Golf_com.Keep up the great work! https://t.co/JCZPCFx10X
A 60% increase in Texas Blue Cross/Blue Shield through ObamaCare. I told you so, there is panic and anger as healthcare costs explode!
So great to have the endorsement and support of Paul Ryan. We will both be working very hard to Make America Great Again!
Bad performance by Crooked Hillary Clinton! Reading poorly from the telepromter! She doesn't even look presidential!
Crooked Hillary no longer has credibility - too much failure in office. People will not allow another four years of incompetence!
Crooked Hillary Clinton, who I would love to call Lyin' Hillary, is getting ready to totally misrepresent my foreign policy positions.
After the litigation is disposed of and the case won, I have instructed my execs to open Trump U(?), so much interest in it! I will be pres.
Even though I have a very biased and unfair judge in the Trump U civil case in San Diego, I have thousands of great reviews &amp; will win case!
With all of the Crooked Hillary Clinton's foreign policy experience, she has made so many mistakes - and I mean real monsters! No more HRC.
Join me in San Jose, California- tonight!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016Tickets: https://t.co/jLQukR550J https://t.co/OrEhKJZ5Rd
Wow, USA Today did todays cover story on my record in lawsuits. Verdict: 450 wins, 38 losses. Isn't that what you want for your president?
Do you ever notice that @CNN gives me very little proper representation on my policies. Just watched-nobody knew anything about my foreign P
Bernie Sanders was right when he said that Crooked Hillary Clinton was not qualified to be president because she suffers from BAD judgement!
Crooked Hillary Clinton has zero natural talent - she should not be president. Her temperament is bad and her decision making ability-zilch!
Thank you Sacramento, California! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain https://t.co/t75Zxn9L6f
Same failing @nytimes "reporter" who wrote discredited women's story last week wrote another terrible story on me today- will never learn!
Crooked Hillary Clinton is a fraud who has put the public and country at risk by her illegal and very stupid use of e-mails. Many missing!
Join me in San Jose, California- tomorrow evening at 7pm! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016https://t.co/jLQukR550J https://t.co/Uds8OdH3A4
So I raised/gave $5,600,000 for the veterans and the media makes me look bad! They do anything to belittle - totally biased.
Congratulations to @seanhannity on his tremendous increase in television ratings. Speaking of ratings- I will be on his show tonight @ 10pE.
I am getting great credit for my press conference today. Crooked Hillary should be admonished for not having a press conference in 179 days.
Katie Couric, the third rate reporter, who has been largely forgotten, should be ashamed of herself for the fraudulent editing of her doc.
I will be interviewed on @seanhannity tonight at 10pmE on @FoxNews. Enjoy!
Join me in Sacramento, California-tomorrow evening @ 7pm! #Trump2016https://t.co/W7xy7eXcii https://t.co/km0rRYSDnO
So many veterans groups are beyond happy with all of the money I raised/gave! It was my great honor - they do an amazing job.
Just finished a press conference in Trump Tower wherein I gave information on which VETERANS groups got the $5,600,000 that I raised/gave!
I have raised/given a tremendous amount of money to our great VETERANS, and have got nothing but bad publicity for doing so. Watch!
So many great things happening - new poll numbers looking good! News conference at 11:00 A.M. today, Trump Tower!
I should have easily won the Trump University case on summary judgement but have a judge, Gonzalo Curiel, who is totally biased against me.
I have a judge in the Trump University civil case, Gonzalo Curiel (San Diego), who is very unfair. An Obama pick. Totally biased-hates Trump
I hope everyone had a great Memorial Day!
I would have had millions of votes more in the primaries (than Crooked Hillary) if I only had one opponent, instead of sixteen. Broke record
Have a great Memorial Day and remember that we will soon MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
The endorsement of me by the 16,500 Border Patrol Agents was the first time that they ever endorsed a presidential candidate. Nice!
In getting the endorsement of the 16,500 Border Patrol Agents (thank you), the statement was made that the WALL was very necessary!
Obama says a WALL at our southern border won't enhance our security (wrong) and yet he now wants to build a much bigger wall (fence) at W.H.
If dummy Bill Kristol actually does get a spoiler to run as an Independent, say good bye to the Supreme Court!
The Republican Party has to be smart &amp; strong if it wants to win in November. Can't allow lightweights to set up a spoiler Indie candidate!
Bill Kristol has been wrong for 2yrs-an embarrassed loser, but if the GOP can't control their own, then they are not a party. Be tough, R's!
Good news is that my campaign has perhaps more cash than any campaign in the history of politics- b/c I stand 100% behind everything we do.
Heading to D.C. to see and hear ROLLING THUNDER. Amazing people that LOVE OUR COUNTRY. Great spirit!
Honor Memorial Day by thinking of and respecting all of the great men and women that gave their lives for us and our country! We love them.
Does President Obama ever discuss the sneak attack on Pearl Harbor while he's in Japan? Thousands of American lives lost. #MDW
Don't believe the biased and phony media quoting people who work for my campaign. The only quote that matters is a quote from me!
I am always on the front page of the failing @nytimes, but when I won the GOP nomination, I'm in the back of the paper. Very dishonest!
The media is on a new phony kick about my management style. I spend much less money &amp; get much better results! What we need as Prez!
The failing @nytimes wrote a story about my management style &amp; that I don't have many people. I have 73, Hillary has 800- &amp; I'm beating her.
I (we) broke the all-time record for most votes gotten in a Republican Primary - by a lot - and with many states left to go! Thank you.
The U.S. has 69 treaties with other countries where we would have to defend them and their borders. How nice, but what do we get? NOT ENOUGH
Great rally in Fresno, California- great crowd! Thank you! #Trump2016 https://t.co/TVSPvxOmve
Obama administration fails to screen Syrian refugees' social media accounts:https://t.co/MMa07nwa44
.@SanDiegoPD- Fantastic job on handling the thugs who tried to disrupt our very peaceful and well attended rally. Greatly appreciated!
Thank you @BillyJoel- many friends just told me you gave a very kind shoutout at MSG. Appreciate it- love your music!
Wow- 25,000 in San Diego, California!Thank you!! #Trump2016 https://t.co/1NRj3zCuui
I am on @oreillyfactor tonight, a big special. @FoxNews  at 8:00 P.M. ENJOY!
Bill O'Reilly doing a major special on @OreillyFactor tonight- @FoxNews at 8pmE. Watch it, should be good! #Trump2016
AN AMERICA FIRST ENERGY PLAN#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016https://t.co/kTi6e1zyNI https://t.co/WjI8Rx11no
Poll data shows that @marcorubio does by far the best in holding onto his Senate seat in Florida. Important to keep the MAJORITY. Run Marco!
Today we, together, won the Republican Nomination for President! https://t.co/82l6TjA2lk
My wife @MELANIATRUMP, and my children will be featured on @FoxNews with @Greta- 7pmE. Enjoy!#MeetTheTrumps #Trump2016
Celebrating 1237! #Trump2016 https://t.co/hPQJc7eor0
Thank you! #Trump2016https://t.co/SPJfMFyPjU
I find it offensive that Goofy Elizabeth Warren, sometimes referred to as Pocahontas, pretended to be Native American to get in Harvard.
Thank you Mr. &amp; Mrs. @TomBarrackJr for the wonderful and magical evening last night. It will not be forgotten. #Trump2016
.@kimguilfoyle- just watched you on @OutnumberedFNC- thank you!
The Inspector General's report on Crooked Hillary Clinton is a disaster. Such bad judgement and temperament cannot be allowed in the W.H.
Thank you Anaheim, California!#Trump2016 https://t.co/AEShamhNVS
Thank you Washington! Honored to say, on behalf of our great movement, we have broken the all time record for votes in GOP primary history.
The protesters in New Mexico were thugs who were flying the Mexican flag. The rally inside was big and beautiful, but outside, criminals!
Crooked Hillary Clinton just can't close the deal with Bernie. I had to knock out 16 very good and smart candidates. Hillary doesn't have it
Goofy Senator Elizabeth Warren @elizabethforma has done less in the U.S. Senate than practically any other senator. All talk, no action!
@elizabethforma  Goofy Elizabeth Warren, sometimes known as Pocahontas, bought foreclosed housing and made a quick killing. Total hypocrite!
@elizabethforma Goofy Elizabeth Warren, sometimes referred to as Pocahontas because she faked the fact she is native American, is a lowlife!
Great rally in New Mexico, amazing crowd! Now in L.A. Big rally in Anaheim.
Thank you Washington! #Trump2016#MakeAmericaGreatAgain https://t.co/v9glTwj6gy
Great honor to receive today's endorsement of @RickSantorum. Really nice! #Trump2016
After raising, w/ no obligation, almost $6M for Vets, I couldn't believe protesters formed @ Trump Tower. JUST OUT- SENT BY CROOKED HILLARY!
Thank you @DailyMail- for setting the failing @NYTimes story straight. This is what the NYT's should have written! https://t.co/Feb6dhctQo
A suggestion for the dishonest media- https://t.co/zKyRwEaLmz
A wonderfully written article concerning Israel by @JasonDovEsq https://t.co/LZ9qWRYzdj
A great new book has been written about Crooked Hillary. Read it &amp; you will never be able to vote for her. @Ed_Klein https://t.co/ujDwSSFhbx
Crooked Hillary Clinton overregulates, overtaxes and doesn't care about jobs. Most importantly, she suffers from plain old bad judgement!
I just released my financial disclosure forms, the largest numbers in the history of the F.E.C. Even the dishonest media thinks great!
Amazingly, with all of the money I have raised for the vets, I have got nothing but bad publicity from the dishonest and disgusting media.
Much of the money I have raised for our veterans has already been distributed, with the rest to go shortly to various other veteran groups.
While under no obligation to do so, I have raised between 5 &amp; 6 million dollars, including 1million dollars from me, for our VETERANS. Nice!
Join me in California or Montana!5/25/16: Anaheim, Californiahttps://t.co/mmPck1HYrC5/26/16: Billings, Montanahttps://t.co/atvrCgjFDe
I will be interviewed on @oreillyfactor at 8:00 P.M. Enjoy!
Obama’s VA Secretary just said we shouldn't measurewait times. Hillary says VA problems are not ‘widespread.’ I will take care ofour vets!
Is Hillary really protecting women? https://t.co/8ZtEIWNqz4
In trade, military and EVERYTHING else, it will be AMERICA FIRST! This will quickly lead to our ultimate goal: MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Thank you America! #Trump2016 https://t.co/xfINxdRNiQ
The American people are sick and tired of not being able to lead normal lives and to constantly be on the lookout for terror and terrorists!
Bernie Sanders is continuing his quest because he believes that Crooked Hillary Clinton will be forced out of the race - e-mail scandal!
Join me on Wednesday, May 25th at the Anaheim Convention Center!#Trump2016 #MAGA Tickets: https://t.co/mmPck1HYrC https://t.co/xGkVbxTamz
Crooked Hillary wants a radical 500% increase in Syrian refugees. We can’t allow this. Time to get smart and protect America!
How can Crooked Hillary say she cares about women when she is silent on radical Islam, which horribly oppresses women?
Why do the networks continue to put dopey @BillKristol on panels when he has called every single shot about me wrong for 2 yrs?
Hillary Clinton is not qualified to be president because her judgement has been proven to be so bad! Would be four more years of stupidity!
Crooked Hillary said that I  want guns brought into the school classroom. Wrong!
Thank you to all of the men and women who have served our country. You are our true heroes! #ArmedForcesDay https://t.co/A3Wus0cRIO
Crooked Hillary Clintons foreign interventions unleashed ISIS in Syria, Iraq and Libya. She is reckless and dangerous!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! https://t.co/MAZK5bdZuD
.@CNN is so negative, getting even worse as I get closer. Just had two anti-Trump losers with zero rebuttal from my team. Turning off!
Crooked Hillary wants to get rid of all guns and yet she is surrounded by bodyguards who are fully armed. No more guns to protect Hillary!
While our wonderful president was out playing golf all day, the TSA is falling apart, just like our government! Airports a total disaster!
Crooked Hillary is spending tremendous amounts of Wall Street money on false ads against me. She is a very dishonest person!
Crooked Hillary Clinton wants to essentially abolish the 2nd Amendment. No gun owner can ever vote for Clinton!
Thank you @TheTodaysGolfer for the wonderful statement that "the new par 3 9th hole @Trump Turnberry could be the most dramatic in Britain."
@montgomeriefdn  Colin, great to have you at Trump Turnberry. So proud of you and your GREAT playing! You made winning MAJORS look easy!
Thank you for your wonderful endorsement today @TGowdySC. It means a great deal to me. We will not disappoint! #Trump2016
Great day in Kentucky with Wayne LaPierre, Chris Cox &amp; the @NRA! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 https://t.co/aJ7s0aqqj0
Thank you! An honor to be the first candidate ever endorsed by the @NRA- prior to @GOPconvention! #Trump2016 #2A  https://t.co/ygLUAl7gzx
Failing @NYTimes will always take a good story about me and make it bad. Every article is unfair and biased. Very sad!
Thanks @piersmorgan! "Trump is the most unpredictable, extraordinary, entertaining&amp;massively popular candidate this country has ever seen."
Crooked Hillary Clinton- discussing the #SecondAmendment at a private event. #2A cc: @NRA https://t.co/vV31Pbpkmn
I am on my way! See you all soon! https://t.co/Arw19Antpj
"A Call for Unity" by Jason Greenblatt @JasonDovEsq https://t.co/dQi3Cydckp
Crooked Hillary can't even close the deal with Bernie - and the Dems have it rigged in favor of Hillary. Four more years of this? No way!
Crooked Hillary Clinton looks presidential? I don't think so! Four more years of Obama and our country will never come back. ISIS LAUGHS!
Look where the world is today, a total mess, and ISIS is still running around wild. I can fix it fast, Hillary has no chance!
Crooked Hillary has zero imagination and even less stamina. ISIS, China, Russia and all would love for her to be president. 4 more years!
I said that Crooked Hillary Clinton is "not qualified" to be president because she has "very bad judgement" - Bernie said the same thing!
Thank you @LtStevenLRogers. We will respond to terrorism with strength in 2017!https://t.co/Mk4YuuRf4s
How quality a woman is Rowanne Brewer Lane to have exposed the @nytimes as a disgusting fraud?  Thank you Rowanne.
Looks like yet another terrorist attack. Airplane departed from Paris. When will we get tough, smart and vigilant? Great hate and sickness!
My list of potential U.S. Supreme Court Justices was very well recieved. During the next number of weeks I may be adding to the list!
Some low-life journalist claims that I "made a pass" at her 29 years ago. Never happened! Like the @nytimes story which has become a joke!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016https://t.co/kXhc2j94YF https://t.co/YZAdAndKXv
Thank you Louisiana! #Trump2016 https://t.co/u8hhrRRFMp
Thank you Arizona! See you soon!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain https://t.co/IC3pe5lRAS
Why did Clinton supporter @AlisonForKY declare Crooked Hillary winner in KY when AP hasn't even called the race?
Bernie Sanders is being treated very badly by the Democrats - the system is rigged against him. Many of his disenfranchised fans are for me!
Paul Begala, the dopey @CNN flunky and head of the Pro-Hillary Clinton Super PAC, has knowingly committed fraud in his first ad against me.
Congratulations to THE MOVEMENT, we have just won THE GREAT STATE OF OREGON. The vote percentage is even higher than anticipated! Thank you.
Thank you Oregon! #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain https://t.co/hK1yqlp9ca
Michael Barbaro, the author of the now discredited @nytimes hit piece on me with women, has in past tweeted badly about me. He should resign
I look so forward to debating Crooked Hillary Clinton! Democrat Primaries are rigged, e-mail investigation is rigged - so time to get it on!
I can't believe that @CNN would allow the very nice Jeffrey Lord to be savaged by a panel of seven Trump haters. 7 to 1 - Don't watch CNN!
Well, that is it. Well done Megyn --- and they all lived happily ever after! Now let us all see how "THE MOVEMENT" does in Oregon tonight!
Will go back on for a final question now!
I like Michael Douglas!
I will be live tweeting @megynkelly Show in 10 minutes. Should be interesting. Will be on Fox Network! ENJOY!
Wall Street paid for ad is a fraud, just like Crooked Hillary! Their main line had nothing to do with women, and they knew it. Apologize?
Do you think Crooked Hillary will finally close the deal? If she can't win Kentucky, she should drop out of race. System rigged!
I will be live tweeting my interview with @megynkelly on the Fox Network tonight at 8! Enjoy! https://t.co/nlJssZeIWm
I look forward to watching @megynkelly tonight, 8 PM ET. It will be interesting to see how she treats me—I think she will be very fair.
How can Crooked Hillary put her husband in charge of the economy when he was responsible for NAFTA, the worst economic deal in U.S. history?
Crooked Hillary said her husband is going to be in charge of the economy.If so, he should run,not her.Will he bring the "energizer" to D.C.?
#VoteTrump at clerk's offices &amp; 185 ballot drop boxes in #ORPrimary!Closes at 8pm! https://t.co/ESGg1Qu68Shttps://t.co/TqcNAWjP5l
Crooked Hillary can't close the deal with Bernie Sanders. Will be another bad day for her!
Amazing that Crooked Hillary can do a hit ad on me concerning women when her husband was the WORST abuser of woman in U.S. political history
Oregon is voting today. Keep the big numbers going - VOTE TRUMP! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Crooked Hillary Clinton put out an ad where I am misquoted on women. Can't believe she would misrepresent the facts! My hit was on China
The pathetic new hit ad against me misrepresents the final line. "You can tell them to go BLANK themselves" - was about China, NOT WOMEN!
Wow, 30,000 e-mails were deleted by Crooked Hillary Clinton. She said they had to do with a wedding reception. Liar! How can she run?
What Barbara Res does not say is that she would call my company endlessly, and for years, trying to come back. I said no.
I gave a woman named Barbara Res a top N.Y. construction job, when that was unheard of, and now she is nasty. So much for a nice thank you!
"In politics, and in life, ignorance is not a virtue." This is a primary reason that President Obama is the worst president in U.S. history!
The writer of the now proven false story in the @nytimes, Michael Barbaro, who was interviewed on CBS this morning, was unable to respond.
Over 50 women were interviewed by the @nytimes yet they only wrote about 6. That’s because there were so many positive statements.
No wonder the @nytimes is failing—who can believe what they write after the false, malicious &amp; libelous story they did on me.
The failing @nytimes is greatly embarrassed by the totally dishonest story they did on my relationship with women.
Rowanne Brewer, the most prominently depicted woman in the failing @nytimes story yesterday joined @foxandfriends. https://t.co/qkK3LJPoQQ
Thank you, Anthony @Scaramucci @WSJ "The Entrepreneur's Case for Trump"  https://t.co/xm45Ia1GTu
With the coming forward today of the woman central to the failing @nytimes hit piece on me, we have exposed the article as a fraud!
A political commentator for @cnn, which I no longer watch, said "Trump showed some weakness in the Repub Primaries." I set all-time record!
Wow, Rowanne Brewer, the most prominently depicted woman in the failing @nytimes story yesterday, was on @foxandfriends saying Times lied
The @nytimes is so dishonest. Their hit piece cover story on me yesterday was just blown up by Rowanne Brewer, who said it was a lie!
That was an amazing interview on @foxandfriends - I hope the rest of the media picks it up to show how totally dishonest the @nytimes is!
Bernie Sanders is being treated very badly by the Dems. The system is rigged against him. He should run as an independent! Run Bernie, run.
Great new poll- thank you!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 https://t.co/SZyZ8GkF23
The @washingtonpost report on potential VP candidates is wrong. Marco Rubio and most others mentioned are NOT under consideration.
Thank you Georgia! See you soon!#Trump2016 https://t.co/8yFd6qA4rD
The media is really on a witch-hunt against me. False reporting, and plenty of it - but we will prevail!
Why did the failing @nytimes refuse to use any of the names given to them that I was so proud to have helped with their careers. DISHONEST!
Wow, I have had so many calls from high ranking people laughing at the stupidity of the failing @nytimes piece. Massive front page for that!
Why doesn't the failing @nytimes write the real story on the Clintons and women? The media is TOTALLY dishonest!
Everyone is laughing at the @nytimes for the lame hit piece they did on me and women.I gave them many names of women I helped-refused to use
The failing @nytimes wrote yet another hit piece on me. All are impressed with how nicely I have treated women, they found nothing. A joke!
Thank you for the nice words this morning @KellyRiddell. Well delivered and totally logical! @CNN   @FoxNews
Wow, @CNN is really working hard to make me look as bad  as possible. Very unprofessional. Hurting in ratings - bad television!
Great new poll- thank you! https://t.co/ytzesbCZas
If Crooked Hillary Clinton can't close the deal on Crazy Bernie, how is she going to take on China, Russia, ISIS and all of the others?
An incredible honor to receive the endorsement of a person Ihave such tremendous respect for. Thank you, Sheldon! https://t.co/nW0N3OO4mw
.@thehill  Your story about me &amp; the carbon tax is absolutely incorrect—it is just the opposite. I will not support or endorse a carbon tax!
Senator Lindsey Graham called me yesterday, very much to my surprise, and we had a very interesting talk about national security, and more!
Great meeting with @SenateMajLdr Mitch McConnell and Republican leaders in D.C. #Trump2016 https://t.co/R0NuOrZISX
Great day in D.C. with @SpeakerRyan and Republican leadership. Things working out really well! #Trump2016 https://t.co/hfHY9MdAc7
If it were up to goofy Elizabeth Warren, we’d have no jobs in America—she doesn’t have a clue.
In interview I told @AP that my taxes are under routine audit and I would release my tax returns when audit is complete, not after election!
Isn’t it funny when a failed Senator like goofy Elizabeth Warren can spend a whole day tweeting about Trump &amp; gets nothing done in Senate?
Goofy Elizabeth Warren lied when she says I want to abolish the Federal Minimum Wage. See media—asking for increase!
Our Native American Senator, goofy Elizabeth Warren, couldn’t care less about the American worker…does nothing to help!
Goofy Elizabeth Warren is now using the woman’s card like her friend crooked Hillary. See her dumb tweet “when a woman stands up to you…”
If the people of Massachusetts found out what an ineffective Senator goofy Elizabeth Warren has been, she would lose!
Thanks Piers. https://t.co/hiDDT9hV0j
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 https://t.co/CLhqgybbYR
Goofy Elizabeth Warren didn’t have the guts to run for POTUS. Her phony Native American heritage stops that and VP cold.
Goofy Elizabeth Warren has been one of the least effective Senators in the entire U.S. Senate. She has done nothing!
I don't want to hit Crazy Bernie Sanders too hard yet because I love watching what he is doing to Crooked Hillary. His time will come!
Big wins in West Virginia and Nebraska. Get ready for November - Crooked Hillary, who is looking very bad against Crazy Bernie, will lose!
Thank you Nebraska!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 https://t.co/RRma61oisz
Thank you West Virginia!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 https://t.co/iCGcF21fWY
The Clintons spend millions on negative ads on me &amp; I can’t tell the truth about her husband? Don’t feel sorry for crooked Hillary!
Hillary has bad judgment! https://t.co/LhcIU6kmxs
It was so great being in Nebraska last week. Today is the big day--get out and vote!
I look very much forward to meeting w/Paul Ryan &amp; the GOP Party Leadership on Thurs in DC. Together, we will beat the Dems at all levels!
Via @JTAnews and Jason Greenblatt  "Donald Trump is a Visionary With Talents Our Country Needs" @JasonDovEsq   https://t.co/lEGJyAinUh
WEST VIRGINIA #VoteTrump TODAY!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016https://t.co/pndaZjsruy
NEBRASKA #VoteTrump TODAY!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016https://t.co/hGbesTbQci
It is only the people that were never asked to be VP that tell the press that they will not take the position.
It was Rosie O'Donnell who ate the cake in the vicious Hillary commercial about me, not Crooked Hillary! @marthamaccallum
Why does the media, with a strong push from Crooked Hillary, keep pushing the false narrative that I want to raise taxes. Exactly opposite!
. #RepMikeKelly  Great job on @foxandfriends this morning. Thank you for the nice words!
Get out and vote Nebraska, we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Get out and vote West Virginia, we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Thank you Jason Greenblatt @JasonDovEsq "For Our Children: Let's Elect Donald Trump"  https://t.co/3diVyaiw2Q
I am lowering taxes far more than any other candidate. Any negotiated increase by Congress to my proposal would still be lower than current!
I will have set the all time record in primary votes in the Republican party --despite having to compete against 17 other people!
If I only had 1 person running against me in the primaries like Hillary Clinton, I would have gotten 10 million more votes than she did!
Crooked Hillary Clinton says that she got more primary votes than Donald Trump. But I had 17 people to beat—she had one!
#NEPrimary #VoteTrump #Trump2016https://t.co/ygD2z6EnhYhttps://t.co/Z2yVlmHl8o
#WVPrimary #VoteTrump #Trump2016https://t.co/ihDWRMdy98https://t.co/VSStoanoDb
Will be interviewed by @MariaBartiromo on @FoxBizAlert  at 7:30 A.M. Enjoy!
Wow, I hear @Morning_Joe has gone really hostile ever since I said I won't do or watch the show anymore.They misrepresent my positions!
I will be interviewed on @CNN at 7:00 A.M.
.@drmoore  Russell Moore is truly a terrible representative of Evangelicals and all of the good they stand for. A nasty guy with no heart!
I will be interviewed on @NewDay @CNN at 7:00 A.M.
I will win the election against Crooked Hillary despite the people in the Republican Party that are currently and selfishly opposed to me!
On @seanhannity show @FoxNews now. ENJOY!
Crooked Hillary just can't close the deal with Bernie. It will be the same way with ISIS, and China on trade, and Mexico at the border. Bad!
.@KellyannePolls  Kellyanne, you were fantastic on @meetthepress today. Keep going - I will win for the people. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I will be interviewed on @meetthepress this morning. Enjoy!
I will be interviewed on This Week with George S this morning. Enjoy!
#HappyMothersDay! https://t.co/T35f2y5YxR https://t.co/BVSHiG2iPA
.@EdGoeas thank you for your support tonight on @JudgeJeanine.
Remember when the two failed presidential candidates, Lindsey Graham and Jeb Bush, signed a binding PLEDGE? They broke the deal, no honor!
I am honored that the great men and women of the @Teamsters have created a movement from within called Teamsters for Trump! Thank you.
I am going to keep our jobs in the U.S., and totally rebuild our crumbling infrastructure. Crooked Hillary has no clue! @Teamsters
Join me in Washington today!Spokane tickets:https://t.co/McBZgICMgsLynden tickets:https://t.co/MTu0GEM7Dx https://t.co/C7HhNvO01T
Goofy Elizabeth Warren is weak and ineffective. Does nothing. All talk, no action -- maybe her Native American name?
Goofy Elizabeth Warren and her phony Native American heritage are on a Twitter rant. She is too easy! I'm driving her nuts.
Crooked Hillary Clinton wants completely open borders. Millions of Democrats will run from her over this and support me.
Just met with courageous family of Sarah Root in Nebraska. Sarah was horribly killed by illegal immigrant, but leaves behind amazing legacy.
Goofy Elizabeth Warren, Hillary Clinton’s flunky, has a career that is totally based on a lie. She is not Native American.
Let’s properly check goofy Elizabeth Warren’s records to see if she is Native American. I say she’s a fraud!
I hope corrupt Hillary Clinton chooses goofy Elizabeth Warren as her running mate. I will defeat them both.
Response to @LindseyGrahamSC:https://t.co/lSDE7LHc95
I hear @JoeNBC of rapidly fading @Morning_Joe is pushing hard for a third party candidate to run. This will guarantee a Crooked Hillary win.
Joe Scarborough initially endorsed Jeb Bush and Jeb crashed, then John Kasich and that didn't work. Not much power or insight!
Thank you to teachers across America! When I become POTUS we will make education a far more important component of our life than it is now.
Crooked Hillary has ZERO leadership ability. As Bernie Sanders says, she has bad judgement. Constantly playing the women's card - it is sad!
Paul Ryan said that I inherited something very special, the Republican Party. Wrong, I didn't inherit it, I won it with millions of voters!
So many great endorsements yesterday, except for Paul Ryan! We must put America first and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Governor Rick Perry said "Donald Trump is one of the most talented people running for the Presidency I've ever seen." Thank you Rick!
Unlike crooked Hillary Clinton, who wants to destroy all miners, I want wages to go up in America. We will do so by bringing back jobs!
Thank you West Virginia. Let's keep it going. Go out and vote on Tuesday - we will win big. #Trump2016
Can you believe Crooked Hillary said, "We are going to put a whole lot of coal miners&amp;coal companies out of business." She then apologized.
Join me tomorrow! #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Omaha, Nebraska:https://t.co/2OWQIlNutuEugene, Oregon:https://t.co/oroTbvsNdQ
Bernie Sanders has been treated terribly by the Democrats—both with delegates &amp; otherwise. He should show them, &amp; run as an Independent.
Happy #CincoDeMayo! The best taco bowls are made in Trump Tower Grill. I love Hispanics! https://t.co/ufoTeQd8yA https://t.co/k01Mc6CuDI
I will be interviewed by @BretBaier @SpecialReport at 6pm ET tonight @FoxNews
Many reports that I will be attending the Alvarez/Khan fight this weekend in Vegas. Totally untrue! Unfortunately I have other plans.
Join me in Charleston, WV - tomorrow! https://t.co/kv624y9UOm
I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 7:30 A.M. Enjoy!
I will be interviewed on @TODAYshow and Good Morning America at 7:00 A.M.
I will be interviewed on @Morning_Joe at 6:15 A.M. Enjoy!
I would rather run against Crooked Hillary Clinton than Bernie Sanders and that will happen because the books are cooked against Bernie!
What a great evening we had. So interesting that Sanders beat Crooked Hillary. The dysfunctional system is totally rigged against him!
.@oreillyfactor  Please correct, I WON Virginia!
Thank you Indiana, we were just projected to be the winner. We have won in every category. You are very special people-I will never forget!
Thank you Indiana! #Trump2016#MakeAmericaGreatAgain https://t.co/G4JlShRA6I
Lyin' Ted Cruz consistently said that he will, and must, win Indiana. If he doesn't he should drop out of the race-stop wasting time &amp; money
Wow, Lyin' Ted Cruz really went wacko today. Made all sorts of crazy charges. Can't function under pressure - not very presidential. Sad!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!#INPrimary #VoteTrump https://t.co/TI27thMZEI
Polls close at 6pm! #INPrimary #Trump2016 #VoteTrump https://t.co/DT9WkYAGEK
Thank you America! #Trump2016 https://t.co/tiExz8YhFT https://t.co/Hkt3YNccb0
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! #Trump2016 #VoteTrump https://t.co/OKaL5UI4oJ
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!#INPrimary #VoteTrump https://t.co/MBgGXSYluWhttps://t.co/YPwDZ8Irch
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!#INPrimary #VoteTrumphttps://t.co/nMqeKxccv6
Thank you South Bend, Indiana! Everyone get out &amp; #VoteTrump tomorrow! #INPrimary https://t.co/rj11BPzqDI https://t.co/xEBlvGrny1
Will be in South Bend, Indiana in a short while -- big rally! See you soon!
Will be interviewed on @seanhannity tonight at 10pmE. Enjoy! #INPrimary
THANK YOU AMERICA!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain https://t.co/PvhGP2HmbN
Thank you Carmel, Indiana! Get out &amp; #VoteTrump tomorrow! #INPrimary #MakeAmericaGreatAgain https://t.co/j07c4oYryG
Honored to have received the endorsement of Lou Holtz - a great guy! #INPrimary #Trump2016 https://t.co/AeGyODb37O
I will defeat Crooked Hillary Clinton on 11/8/2016. #Trump2016#MakeAmericaGreatAgain https://t.co/HtwD1FGn9e
I will be campaigning in Indiana all day. Things are looking great, and the support of Bobby Knight has been so amazing. Today will be fun!
Everybody is talking about the protesters burning the American flags and proudly waving Mexican flags. I want America First - so do voters!
Gov Mike Pence has just stated that Donald Trump has taken a strong stance on Hoosier jobs, and he thanks me! I will bring back jobs to USA.
Crooked Hillary Clinton said she is used to "dealing with men who get off the reservation." Actually, she has done poorly with such men!
I will be interviewed on @CNN  @NewDay  at 7:30 A.M. Enjoy!
Join me in Carmel, Indiana- tomorrow at 4pm! #INPrimary https://t.co/tfW6B0eZDm https://t.co/ZiofZ2D6ck
Thank you Fort Wayne, Indiana!#Trump2016 #INPrimary https://t.co/mDGrmMmk5T
Thank you Terre Haute, Indiana!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain https://t.co/O6ELhlae3h
.@KarlRove is a failed Jeb Bushy. Never says anything good &amp; never will, even after I beat Hillary. Shouldn't be on the air!
I am on @FoxNewsSunday with Chris Wallace- his 20th year anniversary with #FNS, throughout the day. Enjoy! https://t.co/hDzdDpZiRx
Will be in Terre Haute, Indiana in a short while -- big rally! See you soon!
I watched Sen. Graham @FaceTheNation. Why don't they say that I ran him out of the race like a little boy, and in the end he had no support?
Thank you Indiana! #Trump2016 https://t.co/shPWexfkVX
I will be in Indiana on Sunday and Monday at four MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN rallies. See you there!
Thank you @MikeOzanian for the nice comments on @FoxNews today. Great job!
Trump locks down Delaware GOP delegates. #Trump2016 #MAGA https://t.co/sto7CYV1fw
The economy is bad and getting worse-almost ZERO growth this quarter. Nobody can beat me on the economy (and jobs). MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN
The "protesters" in California were thugs and criminals. Many are professionals. They should be dealt with strongly by law enforcement!
.@AC360  Anderson, so amazing. Your mother is, and always has been, an incredible woman!
We are now at 1001 delegates. We will win on the first ballot and are not wasting time and effort on other ballots because system is rigged!
Thank you Indiana! #Trump2016 https://t.co/WAuI0nRNzX
Crooked Hillary Clinton, perhaps the most dishonest person to have ever run for the presidency, is also one of the all time great enablers!
Wow, the ridiculous deal made between Lyin'Ted Cruz and 1 for 42 John Kasich has just blown up. What a dumb deal - dead on arrival!
Thank you Costa Mesa, California! 31,000 people tonight with thousands turned away. I will be back! #Trump2016 https://t.co/4P0tzvZn0e
New York Yankees President, Randy Levine: 'End of the Republican Party' If Donald Trump Not Nominated.  https://t.co/HEXBZeejBc
I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends with the legendary Coach Bobby Knight- tomorrow morning. Enjoy! #INDPrimary https://t.co/c9WVhfyMzs
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 https://t.co/ZHM5w7jnss
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain https://t.co/53qHBKs7yA
Thank you Evansville, Indiana! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain https://t.co/Fn8ClNjUtr
Heading to rally with Bobby now! See you soon!https://t.co/dWSSOEctZn
So many false and phony T.V. commercials being broadcast in Indiana. Reminds me of Florida where thousands were put up-I won in a landslide!
I will be in Evansville, Indiana, with the great Bobby Knight (who last night endorsed me) at 12:00 this afternoon. See you there!
Lyin' Ted Cruz, who can never beat Hillary Clinton and has NO path to victory, has chosen a V.P.candidate who failed badly in her own effort
I will be interviewed on the @TODAYshow at 7:00 A.M. this morning. Enjoy!
Thank you to all for the wonderful reviews of my foreign policy speech. I will soon be speaking in great detail on numerous other topics!
Getting the strong endorsement of the great coach, Bobby Knight, has been a highlight of my stay in Indiana. Big speech tomorrow with Bobby!
I am in Indiana where we just had a great rally. Fantastic people! Staying at a Holiday Inn Express - new and clean, not bad!
Thank you Laura!  https://t.co/C1GHUJazn0
Thank you for the endorsement, Coach Bobby Knight! I will never forget it!https://t.co/FchYdKY4F8 https://t.co/MpRtRwv51u
Join me on @greta- from Indianapolis, Indiana at 7pmE! Enjoy! #Trump2016 https://t.co/gTyn8GLGil
THANK YOU Connecticut, Delaware, Maryland, Pennsylvania, and Rhode Island! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain https://t.co/MGKh77wQt8
Agreed! https://t.co/biyldP3CIw
Thank you Newt! https://t.co/FOh7qEnKUF
Thanks Dave! https://t.co/NaPPQNjVi2
Thanks! https://t.co/5jiSyvQiNj
Thank you! WE will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! https://t.co/aKxoD24IN9
Thank you! https://t.co/aYbOob1kiT
Thank you Delaware! #Trump2016 https://t.co/FeXThmUWuo
Thank you Rhode Island! #Trump2016 https://t.co/EzCvm7yc0Y
Thank you Connecticut! #Trump2016 https://t.co/3GGoVXSZSf
Thank you Pennsylvania! #Trump2016 https://t.co/mucxspuHnV
Thank you Maryland! #Trump2016 https://t.co/hH3h6bRMIs
Thank you America! #Trump2016 https://t.co/KL7VZbM1jP
Lets #MakeAmericaGreatAgain, Maryland! #VoteTrump https://t.co/ZttNAmk1QS
You have until 8pm to #VoteTrump, Delaware! https://t.co/GYeV6m1qOn
Thank you for a great day yesterday, Rhode Island! #VoteTrumphttps://t.co/nAlgNIIdyo
Six hours left to #VoteTrump Connecticut! https://t.co/U1kbLMwhNI
Lets go Pennsylvania! #VoteTrump https://t.co/TWQM8AV9p4
How bad is the New York Times—the most inaccurate coverage constantly. Always trying to belittle. Paper has lost its way!
Thank you for the incredible support- Melania, Barron, Ivanka, Jared, Tiffany, Don, Vanessa, Eric, and Lara!https://t.co/mPGpPFiDl8
Bernie Sanders has been treated terribly by the Democrats—both with delegates &amp; otherwise. He should show them, and run as an Independent!
Thank you @DonaldJTrumpJr &amp; @EricTrump. #Trump2016 https://t.co/CMfcrZjHgM
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!https://t.co/xhwhJuV3aa https://t.co/2XWN52IpH2
The Cruz-Kasich pact is under great strain. This joke of a deal is falling apart, not being honored and almost dead. Very dumb!
Thank you Wilkes-Barre, Pennsylvania! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 https://t.co/FJbNlidwJF
Get out and VOTE tomorrow! We will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! #CTPrimary #DEPrimary #MDPrimary #PAPrimary #RIPrimaryhttps://t.co/ndi8sZI1Gt
Passing what was once a vibrant manufacturing area in Pennsylvania. So sad! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain https://t.co/RYWjgPh9Ja
Thank you West Chester, Pennsylvania!#PAPrimary #VoteTrumphttps://t.co/Qva1QtmhpS https://t.co/CF9SYBqka7
Thank you Warwick, Rhode Island!#RIPrimary #VoteTrump https://t.co/V0d4CuS1xf https://t.co/GU3p28VMe0
On the way to the great state of Rhode Island- big rally. Then to Pennsylvania for rest of day and night!
Kasich just announced that he wants the people of Indiana to vote for him. Typical politician - can't make a deal work.
Shows how weak and desperate Lyin' Ted is when he has to team up with a guy who openly can't stand him and is only 1 win and 38 losses.
Lyin' Ted Cruz and 1 for 38 Kasich are unable to beat me on their own so they have to team up (collusion) in a two on one. Shows weakness!
Lyin' Ted and Kasich are mathematically dead and totally desperate. Their donors &amp; special interest groups are not happy with them. Sad!
Wow, just announced that Lyin' Ted and Kasich are going to collude in order to keep me from getting the Republican nomination. DESPERATION!
I am happy to hear how badly the @nytimes is doing. It is a seriously failing paper with readership which is way down. Becoming irrelevant!
I will be in Maryland this afternoon for a major rally. Things are looking good for Tuesday!
.@AndreBauer  Great job and advice on @CNN  @jaketapper  Thank you!
.@Borisep was great on @JudgeJeanine tonight. Very smart commentary that will prove to be correct!
As soon as John Kasich is hit with negative ads, he will drop like a rock in the polls against Crooked Hillary Clinton. I will win!
I had a great day campaigning in Connecticut. Looking for a big vote on Tuesday!
Congratulations to @seanhannity on his great ratings and ratings increase as reported by the @AP today. Amazing job!
Lynne Ryan -- just read your great story in the NY Times -- I am proud of you. Thanks! https://t.co/zVmhYsd4ir
Thank you Delaware! #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #TrumpTrainhttps://t.co/qLXTzQPbEj https://t.co/ofhbM9bcOI
Thank you Bridgeport, Connecticut!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016https://t.co/GCtTKnNq06 https://t.co/qcuDCyBzCN
The Establishment and special interests are absolutely killing our country. Stop them now: https://t.co/cLUCrZ2hdehttps://t.co/zUmuW5WPrk
Thank you Waterbury, Connecticut!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016https://t.co/5eZ5nVQbE9 https://t.co/OoQAAKWUUq
#MakeAmericaGreatAgainVideo: https://t.co/Dsa2v9X3ol https://t.co/aGUHmO98Xm
Pennsylvania: Cast your vote for Trump for POTUS &amp; ALSO vote for the TRUMP DELEGATES in your congressional district! https://t.co/1utaLLMfUa
Will be spending the day campaigning in Connecticut, another state where jobs are being stolen by other countries. I will stop this fast!
Thank you Pennsylvania! #Trump2016https://t.co/Y3UBsxBQmg https://t.co/ie23QdsVTe
Thank you Indiana! Was great seeing everyone on Wednesday! I will be back soon! #Trump2016https://t.co/mWfLxYKPbk https://t.co/62DKEm5XVm
Thank you California! See you soon!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016https://t.co/uJCqbQYYWR https://t.co/8rqI4mQ3Tw
Thank you, @DonaldJTrumpJr! #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain https://t.co/FJXjkZAAQf https://t.co/0NQLzbwuFo
Thank you for the incredible support, Maryland! This is a movement!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016https://t.co/Uyq4sTYb0l
I met Prince on numerous occasions. He was an amazing talent and wonderful guy. He will be greatly missed!
Cruz said Kasich should leave because he couldn't get to 1237. Now he can't get to 1237. Drop out LYIN' Ted.
Both Ted Cruz and John Kasich have no path to victory. They should both drop out of the race so that the Republican Party can unify!
Senator Ted Cruz has been MATHEMATICALLY ELIMINATED from race. He said Kasich should get out for same reason. I think both should get out!
I will be doing the @TODAYshow with my wife, Melania, and the rest of my family in a major Town Hall. Hopefully, it will be fun! Enjoy.7A.M.
Thank you Maryland- what a great way to conclude the day! Will be back soon. #Trump2016 https://t.co/dNeTdMENdV https://t.co/JbJYYpEsmo
We are going to bring steel and manufacturing back to Indiana!
Had a meeting with the terrific @GovPenceIN of Indiana. So excited to campaign in his wonderful state! https://t.co/73uCyV6ql4
Thank you Indiana! Will be back soon!#Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain https://t.co/pxvSL8cs3B
#Trump360 Watch this 360 video of my speech last night at Trump Tower- https://t.co/2YT2Kxly9t
Off to Indiana! #Trump2016 https://t.co/zqUdaaSaXD
Ted Cruz is mathematically out of winning the race. Now all he can do is be a spoiler, never a nice thing to do. I will beat Hillary!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! https://t.co/tK6mKZpFBl
Thank you New York, I will never forget!
Thank you New York! I love you!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 https://t.co/T1J0aUwMXl
.@CNN is so negative it is impossible to watch. Terrible panel, angry haters. Bill O  @oreillyfactor said such an amazing thing about me!
Polls close in 3 hours! Everyone get out and VOTE!#Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgainhttps://t.co/EuFxefFu0D
Discussing #NewYorkValuesin Buffalo last night- on the eve of the #NYPrimary.LETS GO NY! #VoteTrump https://t.co/6x8Dag7REA
1988 with Oprah- discussing why I would never rule out a run for #POTUS.#Trump2016 #VoteTrumpNY #PrimaryDay https://t.co/9rup33Rl29
Who did the House Task Force onUrgent Fiscal Issues call- when America needed HELP? https://t.co/Q1NErOtW9V
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain#Trump2016 https://t.co/awow5pyn7n
LETS GO AMERICA! Time to take backour country, and #MakeAmericaGreatAgainWatch video &amp; go#VoteTrump! https://t.co/lsKdqGFyvQ
#ICYMI: #Trump2016 closing speech inBuffalo, New York!#VoteTrumpNY https://t.co/tS6mWn2oth
Join me in Indianapolis, Indiana tomorrow at 3pm! #Trump2016#MakeAmericaGreatAgainTickets: https://t.co/36c7PLAqyq https://t.co/JBNYtk3FyE
Thank you Eric! https://t.co/pu1vDiQlrV
A big day for New York and for our COUNTRY! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I am on @foxandfriends at 7:00 A.M. ENJOY!
Thank you Buffalo! #NYPrimary https://t.co/Z9QphVlZft https://t.co/4ujDuOvLPj
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #NYPrimaryhttps://t.co/awow5pyn7n
Lyin’ Ted Cruz even voted against Superstorm Sandy aid and September 11th help. So many New Yorkers devastated. Cruz hates New York!
New York, we will make America great again! https://t.co/KyxbaW4fsL
Kasich only looks O.K. in polls against Hillary because nobody views him as a threat and therefore have placed ZERO negative ads against him
Lyin' Ted Cruz can't win with the voters so he has to sell himself to the bosses-I am millions of VOTES ahead! Hillary would destroy him &amp; K
Thank you for today's endorsement, New York Veteran Police Association! #NewYorkValues https://t.co/AMFBymUXuZ https://t.co/ZQHmkBDUnA
Thank you, California! Will see you soon! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain https://t.co/VyxSXUEkZn https://t.co/5rk1U4dQ7r
I would have millions of votes more than Hillary except for the fact that I had 17 opponents and she just had a socialist named Bernie!
Crooked Hillary Clinton is spending a fortune on ads against me. I am the one person she doesn't want to run against. Will be such fun!
Lyin' Ted Cruz can't get votes (I am millions ahead of him) so he has to get his delegates from the Republican bosses. It won't work!
Lyin' Ted Cruz will never be able to beat Hillary. Despite a rigged delegate system, I am hundreds of delegates ahead of him.
I'll be in one of my favorite places this morning, Staten Island. Big crowd, will be fun!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #NYPrimary https://t.co/x0smlMCWau
Thank you California, Connecticut, Maryland, and Pennsylvania!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 https://t.co/pwFFHyzSE6
See you tomorrow Dutchess County, New York! #NYPrimary #TrumpTrainhttps://t.co/z9LOIkEyOq https://t.co/caMLixZfda
Will be on Hannity tonight. Rebroadcast of town hall from Pittsburgh, PA. 8:00pm on FOX. Enjoy! #Trump2016 https://t.co/ZhaxXnAohm
THANK YOU, SYRACUSE! #NYPrimaryhttps://t.co/9oHimG204Y https://t.co/agy5p8NCox
Just arrived in Syracuse, NY. Big crowd, great place! We will bring back the desperately needed jobs. #NYPrimary https://t.co/vOEQDsEAKC
#ICYMI: @foxandfriends this morning. https://t.co/s5pUEdCWI0
I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 9:00 A.M. I will be talking about the rigged and boss controlled Republican primaries!
Join me this weekend! #NYPrimary4/16: SYRACUSE - NOONhttps://t.co/Eu43S1wJN94/16: WATERTOWN - 3pmhttps://t.co/UdOZzisJhA #Trump2016
Thank you, @NYPost! #Trump2016https://t.co/KzGweIxaEo
Thank you America! #Trump2016 https://t.co/PTKkrLeuCB
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!https://t.co/VxVOG3c5RZ
Join me on Saturday- in Syracuse, New York! #NYPrimary #Trump2016https://t.co/F6JkPKb1hn https://t.co/yfJZUlDdCM
Thank you Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 https://t.co/7WHS3vbXSw
Big protest march in Colorado on Friday afternoon! Don't let the bosses take your vote!
The rules DID CHANGE in Colorado shortly after I entered the race in June because the pols and their bosses knew I would win with the voters
Biggest story in politics is now happening in the great State of Colorado where over one million people have been precluded from voting!
Will be interviewed by @SeanHannity on @FoxNews tonight at 10pm from Pennsylvania. Enjoy! #Trump2016 https://t.co/8IJ40zKS90
Join me in Pittsburgh- tonight at 7pmE! #Trump2016 #TrumpTrainTickets: https://t.co/TrKj5lGXup
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 https://t.co/249n3yLQxS
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016  https://t.co/l5TyL8U4e8
Great to be on @andersoncooper tonight with my wonderful family. Will be rebroadcast at 12:00 A.M.  (EASTERN).
I LOVE NEW YORK! #NewYorkValues https://t.co/dbTDhYAX1v
THANK YOU California, Maryland, New York, and Pennsylvania! See you soon!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 https://t.co/2lyqnMRIGq
Missouri just confirmed #Trump2016 as the official winner- with an additional 12 delegates. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain https://t.co/AVTkCAne5w
WOW, great new poll- New York! Thank you for your support! #Trump2016#NewYorkValues https://t.co/kuvCXJXjcr https://t.co/WSVmdI8vfZ
Thank you Albany, New York!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016https://t.co/IAOuSY5VDC https://t.co/WcItUuxej8
Join me in Rome, NY- tomorrow!#Trump2016 #NYPrimaryTickets available: https://t.co/VGCdQubia1
Tune in &amp; join me live in Albany, New York! 7pmE start time! I love you New York! #Trump2016 #TrumpTrain https://t.co/rY5zqUX9Wu
A very interesting piece, by a very good writer, @KirstenPowers of @USATODAY and @FoxNews. https://t.co/gLuMitRitg
Leaving for Albany, New York now, massive crowd expected. Very exciting!
Why does the liberal media think Bill O'Reilly  (@oreillyfactor) is a complete and total vulgarian? I don't think so!
Colorado Trump Delegates Scratched from Ballots at GOP Convention https://t.co/WLkmYjJJR9
This is happening all over our country—great people being disenfranchised bypoliticians. Repub party is in trouble! https://t.co/wNXRqVl9Uu
I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 7:00 A.M. Enjoy!
The people of Colorado had their vote taken away from them by the phony politicians. Biggest story in politics. This will not be allowed!
How is it possible that the people of the great State of Colorado never got to vote in the Republican Primary? Great anger - totally unfair!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016https://t.co/TvFgM4TqKj
I win a state in votes and then get non-representative delegates because they are offered all sorts of goodies by Cruz campaign. Bad system!
The @nytimes purposely covers me so inaccurately. I want other nations to pay the U.S. for our defense of them. We are the suckers-no more!
A great honor to visit the 9/11 Memorial Museum with my wife, @MELANIATRUMP, today. #NewYorkValues https://t.co/eKCEWRD0Ro
Bernie Sanders says that Hillary Clinton is unqualified to be president. Based on her decision making ability, I can go along with that!
Isn't it a shame that the person who will have by far the most delegates and many millions more votes than anyone else, me, still must fight
“Donald Trump—The Disrupter” will air on @FoxNews Saturday night and Sunday night at 8 PM ET. Anchored by @BretBaier. @johnrobertsFox
Nobody beats me on National Security. https://t.co/sCrj4Ha1I5
Looks like I was right about NATO. I had no doubt. https://t.co/x6Ne3sjAWz
Jennifer is a terrific person. https://t.co/EHL702civ5
So great to be in New York. Catching up on many things (remember, I am still running a major business while I campaign) and loving it!
Ted Cruz attacked New Yorkers and New York values- we don't forget! https://t.co/83ur9C1qhB
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 https://t.co/hjygbNsxee
Unbelievable evening. Just made a speech in front 17,000 amazing New Yorkers in Bethpage, Long Island--- great to be home!
I was not scheduled to be on the @oreillyfactor. Pure fiction!
It is so great to be back home! Looking forward to a great rally tonight in Bethpage, Long Island!
Still time to get out and VOTE!#WIPrimary #Trump2016 #MAGAhttps://t.co/HjnGrR25Vf
Wow, @Politico is in total disarray with almost everybody quitting. Goodnews -- bad, dishonest journalists! https://t.co/xTvGLDXY5O
Wisconsin, we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Good morning Wisconsin! The polls are now open! #VoteTrump today &amp; we will MakeAmericaGreatAgain! https://t.co/cXvX5SCF3c
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!https://t.co/iiXHgM7aA2
I will be on @SeanHannity @FoxNews- tonight at 10pmE w/ @MELANIATRUMP, from Wisconsin. Enjoy! #WIPrimary #Trump2016 https://t.co/znfxf2wyrr
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!https://t.co/yypR5snYBC
Leaving Superior, Wisconsin now. Thank you! #Trump2016 #WIPrimaryhttps://t.co/AoTBAQgcZr https://t.co/2C4HEwrTQF
Wow, great news from Wisconsin. Just made two speeches there with a big one coming tonight. Thank you! https://t.co/Bf95GysWDN
Will be interviewed on @SeanHannity on @FoxNews from #Wisconsin tonight. My wife, Melania, will join me for the entire show.
Congratulations Jim Herman! We are all proud of you @TrumpGolf!https://t.co/RuuTippjw1
Just departing La Crosse, Wisconsin. Thank you! #Trump2016 #WIPrimaryhttps://t.co/xk2cVAz0eY https://t.co/7umXgUjEzi
This Tweet from @realDonaldTrump has been withheld in response to a report from the copyright holder.
A great day in Wisconsin, many stops, many great people! Melania is joining me on Monday. Big crowds. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
A great night in West Allis, Wisconsin! Thank you! #VoteTrumpWI #WIPrimary https://t.co/4x9gw1RhWS https://t.co/syGyqtOebs
I am on @FoxNews with @greta doing a town hall, from Wisconsin- now! Enjoy!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Congratulations to @gohermie for winning the @ShellHouOpen. We are all proud of you @TNGCBedminster &amp; all @TrumpGolf clubs! Great going!
I will be in Milwaukee, Wisconsin- tomorrow at 7pmE with @MELANIATRUMP. Join us! #WIPrimary #Trump2016 https://t.co/L0PmEwdRxn
Thank you Miss Katie's Diner!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016https://t.co/oYpUYJmpKI https://t.co/uTSIiVqPkT
Thank you New York, and Pennsylvania! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 https://t.co/sziCGsvGbz
Thank you! #Trump2016 #WIPrimary https://t.co/alx0AY6E8J
I will be on @FoxNewsSunday with Chris Wallace this morning. Enjoy!
Thank you Eau Claire, Wisconsin. #VoteTrump on Tuesday, April 5th!MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! https://t.co/JI5JqwHnMC
I will be interviewed by @jdickerson on @FaceTheNation tomorrow morning. Enjoy! #Trump2016
A GREAT DAY IN WISCONSIN!Thank you #Racine &amp; #Wausau! Just arrived in #EauClaire! #Trump2016#WIPrimary #TrumpTrain https://t.co/a0iKqNepD5
.@FoxNews should be ashamed for allowing experts to explain how to make a nuclear attack!
.@HeyTammyBruce- Thank you for your nice words on Fox today. They never use my full statements on nuclear, which you would agree with!
Great honor to have @GOP General Counsel, #JohnRyder as a Trump delegate in TN. RNC meeting well worth it! Unifying the party!
Join me on Monday, April 4th in Milwaukee! #WIPrimary #Trump2016Tickets: https://t.co/L0PmEwdRxn https://t.co/F7P4s6oAzN
Wisconsin has suffered a great loss of jobs and trade, but if I win, all of the bad things happening in the U.S. will be rapidly reversed!
I will be in Wisconsin until the election. Jobs, trade and immigration will be big factors. I will bring jobs back home - make great deals!
If @megynkelly stopped covering me on her show, her ratings would drop like a rock! My h to h interview with @AC360 beat her by millions!
Is it possible for @megynkelly to cover anyone but Donald Trump on her terrible show. She totally misrepresents my words and positions! BAD.
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! https://t.co/SULeDE2PYp
Can you believe that Ted Cruz, who has been killing our country on trade for so long, just put out a Wisconsin ad talking about trade?
We must build a great wall between Mexico and the United States! https://t.co/05SjuRJFbf
My new radio ad, airing today in Wisconsin! See you soon!#WIPrimary #Trump2016 https://t.co/iEbcYqyk3i
Does anybody like Lyin' Ted? https://t.co/h78ESEgEYg
For the 1st time in American history, America’s 16,500 border patrol agents have issue a presidential primary endorsement—me! Thank you.
The National Border Patrol Council (NBPC) said that our open border is the biggest physical &amp; economic threat facing the American people!
The Club For Growth said in their ad that 465 delegates (Cruz) plus 143 delegates (Kasich) is more than my 739 delegates. Try again!
The Club For Growth,which asked me for $1,000,000 in an extortion attempt, just put up a Wisconsin ad with incorrect math.What a dumb group!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016https://t.co/aANxirUJJD https://t.co/VlMynYN3sd
THANK YOU, NEW YORK! #Trump2016 https://t.co/ONDROBrDwr
THANK YOU, AMERICA! #Trump2016#MakeAmericaGreatAgain https://t.co/09hTbBgPHf https://t.co/uJnmDnvkUv
THANK YOU, WISCONSIN! #VoteTrump next Tuesday, April 5th! #WIPrimaryhttps://t.co/4tymy651ZP https://t.co/IOBhOXeBiN
Just had a very nice meeting with @Reince Priebus and the @GOP. Looking forward to bringing the Party together --- and it will happen!
The Trump Doctrine: Peace Through Strength. #Trump2016 https://t.co/2GD1TT8fXc https://t.co/tr1ILOoLUb
Thank you- Appleton, Wisconsin!#WIPrimary #Trump2016 https://t.co/XkbTWHpEvy https://t.co/klUNUV2J5S
Congratulations to @CNN for having the wisdom to pick TRUMP! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 https://t.co/Up8DhQulZ4
Please keep your thoughts &amp; prayers with Melissa Young- Miss Wisconsin 2005. https://t.co/D8RBfufIwH
THANK YOU, NEW YORK!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016https://t.co/PuqiM93zOS https://t.co/fSgpKjwk2q
.@DavidGregory got thrown off of TV by NBC, fired like a dog! Now he is on @CNN being nasty to me. Not nice!
Final #'s just announced in the GREAT State of MO. TRUMP WINS! New certified #'s show a 365 vote increase for me- @ least 12 more delegates!
Thank you! #Trump2016 https://t.co/ZWZkHrtRQN
Trump defends campaign manager charged for bruising a reporter:https://t.co/EKU5QMgjd4
Thank you! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain https://t.co/sVUWI7JoGn
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!https://t.co/0w4ldD7dW3
Why is this reporter touching me as I leave news conference? What is in her hand?? https://t.co/HQB8dl0fhn
This was the reporters statement- when she found out there was tape from my facility, she changed her tune. https://t.co/N5815RS1At
Victory press conference was over. Why is she allowed to grab me and shout questions? Can I press charges? https://t.co/qbW2RjkINX
Why aren't people looking at this reporters earliest statement as to what happened, that is before she found out the episode was on tape?
Wow, Corey Lewandowski, my campaign manager and a very decent man, was just charged with assaulting a reporter. Look at tapes-nothing there!
How come the @TODAYshow &amp; @chucktodd show the new @NBCNews Poll for Hillary vs Bernie but do not show the SAME poll where I am killing Cruz?
I have millions more votes/hundreds more dels than Cruz or Kasich, and yet am not being treated properly by the Republican Party or the RNC.
Wow, @CNN has nothing but my opponents on their shows. Really one-sided and unfair reporting. Maybe I shouldn't do their town-hall tonight!
We need to secure our borders ASAP. No games, we must be smart, tough and vigilant. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN &amp; MAKE AMERICA STRONG AGAIN!
Lyin' Ted, I have already beaten you in all debates, and am way ahead of you in votes and delegates. You should focus on jobs &amp; illegal imm!
Lyin'Ted Cruz is weak &amp; losing big, so now he wants to debate again. But, according to Drudge,Time and on-line polls, I have won all debates
After the way I beat Gov. Scott Walker (and Jeb, Rand, Marco and all others) in the Presidential Primaries, no way he would ever endorse me!
Just released that international gangs are all over our cities. This will end when I am President!
Ted Cruz is incensed that I want to refocus NATO on terrorism, as well as current mission, but also want others to PAY FAIR SHARE, a must!
A detainee released from Gitmo has killed an American. When will our so-called "leaders" ever learn!
"Kirsten Powers: Anti- Trump Operative was Aggressively Shopping Cruz Story" via the Gateway Pundit: https://t.co/batAmur1FD
I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 7:30. Things are looking good, had a great Easter-look forward to spending the week in Wisconsin!
The United States cannot continue to make such bad, one-sided trade deals. There are only so many jobs we can give up. No more!
See Lyin' Ted, even the @DailyBeast (no fan of mine) says this story came from Rubio, not Trump! https://t.co/Okc8XajVnz
Just to show you how unfair Republican primary politics can be, I won the State of Louisiana and get less delegates than Cruz-Lawsuit coming
Why can't the pundits be honest? Hopefully we are all looking for a strong and great country again. I will make it strong and great!  JOBS!
Another radical Islamic attack, this time in Pakistan, targeting Christian women &amp; children. At least 67 dead,400 injured. I alone can solve
Happy Easter to all, have a great day!
My statement on NATO being obsolete and disproportionately too expensive (and unfair) for the U.S. are now, finally, receiving plaudits!
Wow, sleepy eyes @chucktodd is at it again. He is do totally biased. The things I am saying are correct. - far better vision than the others
I am interviewed on This Week on @ABC this morning. Enjoy!
Remember, I am the only candidate who is self-funding. While I am given little credit for this by the voters, I am not bought like others!
Don't believe the @FoxNews Polls, they are just another phony hit job on me. I will beat Hillary Clinton easily in the General Election.
Wisconsin's economy is doing poorly and like everywhere else in U.S., jobs are leaving. I will make our economy strong again - bring in jobs
Nobody will protect our Nation like Donald J. Trump. Our military will be greatly strengthened and our borders will be strong. Illegals out!
Lyin' Ted Cruz is now trying to convince prople that his problems with The National Enq.were caused by me. I had NOTHING to do with story!
The press is going out of their way to convince people that I do not like or respect women, when they know that it is just the opposite!
The media is so after me on women  Wow, this is a tough business. Nobody has more respect for women than Donald Trump!
Top suspect in Paris massacre, Salah Abdeslam, who also knew of the Brussels attack, is no longer talking. Weak leaders, ridiculous laws!
Wow, just released that $67 million in negative ads was spent on me. How am I still number one - by a lot?
I didn't start the fight with Lyin'Ted Cruz over the GQ cover pic of Melania, he did. He knew the PAC was putting it out - hence, Lyin' Ted!
Just won a big federal lawsuit similar in certain ways to the Trump U case but the press refuses to write about it. If I lost-monster story!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! https://t.co/PHgrT1Nl27
Endorsements for Lyin' Ted Cruz- https://t.co/c3QEbexOwT
Europe and the U.S. must immediately stop taking in people from Syria. This will be the destruction of civilization as we know it! So sad!
Just announced that as many as 5000 ISIS fighters have infiltrated Europe. Also, many in U.S.  I TOLD YOU SO! I alone can fix this problem!
Explain how the women on The View, which is a total disaster since the great Barbara Walters left, ever got their jobs. @abc is wasting time
.@TheView T.V. show, which is failing so badly that it will soon be taken off thr air, is constantly asking me to go on. I TELL THEM "NO"
Hillary Clinton has been working on solving the terrorism problem for years. TIME FOR A CHANGE, I WILL SOLVE - AND FAST!
It is amazing how often I am right, only to be criticized by the media. Illegal immigration, take the oil, build the wall, Muslims, NATO!
Remember when I recently said that Brussels is a "hell hole" and a mess and the failing @nytimes wrote a critical article. I was so right!
These politicians like Cruz and Graham, who have watched ISIS and many other problems develop for years, do nothing to make things better!
.@LindseyGrahamSC and Lyin' Ted Cruz are two politicians who are very much alike - ALL TALK AND NO ACTION! Both talk about ISIS, do nothing!
It is amazing how @LindseyGrahamSC gets on so many T.V. shows talking negatively about me when I beat him so badly (ZERO) in his pres run!
We pay a disproportionate share of the cost of N.A.T.O. Why? It is time to renegotiate, and the time is now!
N.A.T.O. is obsolete and must be changed to additionally focus on terrorism as well as some of the things it is currently focused on!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I want to thank @RealSheriffJoe for all of his help in our historic Arizona win. Could not have done it without you Joe!
While I believe I will clinch before Cleveland and get more than 1237 delegates, it is unfair in that there have been so many in the race!
I think having Jeb's endorsement hurts Lyin' Ted. Jeb spent more than $150,000,000 and got nothing. I spent a fraction of that and am first!
I will be the best by far in fighting terror. I’m the only one that was right from the beginning, &amp; now Lyin’ Ted &amp; others are copying me.
Just watched Hillary deliver a prepackaged speech on terror. She’s been in office fighting terror for 20 years- and look where we are!
Low energy Jeb Bush just endorsed a man he truly hates, Lyin’ Ted Cruz. Honestly, I can’t blame Jeb in that I drove him into oblivion!
Lyin’ Ted Cruz steals foreign policy from me, and lines from Michael Douglas— just another dishonest politician.
Thank you, Arizona! #Trump2016#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #TrumpTrainhttps://t.co/MMPR0Omwog https://t.co/Dgqky0JiHO
Lyin' Ted Cruz denied that he had anything to do with the G.Q. model photo post of Melania. That's why we call him Lyin' Ted!
Hopefully the Republican Party can come together and have a big WIN in November, paving the way for many great Supreme Court Justices!
Much bigger win than anticipated in Arizona. Thank you, I will never forget!
Thank you, Arizona! #Trump2016#WesternTuesday #TrumpTrain https://t.co/VMCzxrryG8
Incompetent Hillary, despite the horrible attack in Brussels today, wants borders to be weak and open-and let the Muslims flow in.  No way!
Lyin' Ted Cruz just used a picture of Melania from a G.Q. shoot in his ad. Be careful, Lyin' Ted, or I will spill the beans on your wife!
Pres. Obama should leave the baseball game in Cuba immediately &amp; get home to Washington- where a #POTUS, under a serious emergency belongs!
Obama, and all others, have been so weak, and so politically correct, that terror groups are forming and getting stronger! Shame.
#UtahCaucus message from @IvankaTrump! #UTCaucus#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016https://t.co/kHigCSUnFC
#ArizonaPrimary message from @IvankaTrump! #AZPrimary #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016https://t.co/WzTDekWJAQ
#VoteTrump video: https://t.co/NauXRQ2Q91#AZPrimary #ArizonaPrimary #UtahCaucus #UTCaucus #AmericanSamoa https://t.co/bKruyYHFma
My heart &amp; prayers go out to all of the victims of the terrible #Brussels tragedy. This madness must be stopped, and I will stop it.
Watch this clip from earlier this year. Time &amp; time again I have been right about terrorism. It’s time to get tough! https://t.co/8mnY3GFRzw
I have proven to be far more correct about terrorism than anybody- and it’s not even close. Hopefully AZ and UT will be voting for me today!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
President Obama looks and sounds so ridiculous making his speech in Cuba, especially in the shadows of Brussels. He is being treated badly!
Do you all remember how beautiful and safe a place Brussels was. Not anymore, it is from a different world! U.S. must be vigilant and smart!
Wow, President Obama just landed in Cuba, a big deal, and Raul Castro wasn't even there to greet him. He greeted Pope and others. No respect
Big Republican Dinner tonight at Mar-a-Lago in Palm Beach. I will be there!
So the highly overrated anchor, @megynkelly, is allowed to constantly say bad things about me on her show, but I can't fight back? Wrong!
The protesters blocked a major highway yesterday, delaying entry to my RALLY in Arizona by hours, and the media blames my supporters!
Why is it that the horrendous protesters, who scream, curse punch, shut down roads/doors during my RALLIES,  are never blamed by media? SAD!
Will be interviewed on @ThisWeekABC this morning. Enjoy!
The rallies in Utah and Arizona were great! Tremendous crowds and spirit. Just returned but will be going back soon.
THANK YOU ARIZONA! Get out and #VoteTrump on Tuesday! #AZPrimary #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 https://t.co/5itxkQxrLF
Thank you- Tucson, Arizona! A great afternoon with 6,000 supporters! #VoteTrump on Tuesday!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain https://t.co/CTgYrLnAWV
.@AndreaTantaros- You are a true journalistic professional. I so agree with what you say. Keep up the great work! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
.@jessebwatters- Watching your show from Arizona where we just had a big rally. It is fantastic- everybody loves it!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain
.@DiamondandSilk- Just watched you on #WattersWorld with a large group of people. Everybody loves you- two amazing people! #Trump2016
THANK YOU ARIZONA! 20,000 amazing supporters! Get out and #VoteTrump on Tuesday. I love you!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain https://t.co/pU5vB1pBO5
Wow, @CNN ratings are up 75% because it's "all Trump, all the time." The networks are making a fortune off of me! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Great to be back in Arizona!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 https://t.co/uo287ZGvvQ
If crazy @megynkelly didn't cover me so much on her terrible show, her ratings would totally tank. She is so average in so many ways!
Crazy @megynkelly says I don't (won't) go on her show and she still gets good ratings. But almost all of her shows are negative hits on me!
Thank you- New York! I love you!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 https://t.co/wyjV9DgdQA
Landing in Phoenix now. Tomorrow's events will be amazing! #Trump2016
Reading @nytdavidbrooks of the NY Times is a total waste of time, he is a clown with no awareness of the world around him- dummy!
While I have never met @nytdavidbrooks of the NY Times, I consider him one of the dumbest of all pundits- he has no sense of the real world!
Heading to Phoneix. Will be arriving soon. Tomorrow a big day. Tremendous crowds expected! #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Watching @loudobbsnews- fantastic show! Has very interesting take on Paul Ryan.
Just leaving Salt Lake City, Utah- fantastic crowd with no interruptions. Love Utah- will be back!
Why haven't they released the final Missouri victory for us yet? Could it be because Cruz's guy runs Missouri?
I guess I have reached yet another "ceiling"  - 49.7%, with four people. My highest Reuters poll yet! Thank you! https://t.co/k5Ft585Arp
Do you believe that Hillary Clinton now wants Obamacare for illegal immigrants? She should spend more time taking care of our great Vets!
Everybody should boycott the @megynkelly show. Never worth watching. Always a hit on Trump! She is sick, &amp; the most overrated person on tv.
Thank you Arizona- I love you! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 https://t.co/fTzaIvTX9b
Join me tomorrow! #Trump2016#MakeAmericaGreatAgain https://t.co/1Yak4I5B7b
Mitt Romney is a mixed up man who doesn't have a clue. No wonder he lost!
Failed Presidential Candidate Mitt Romney was campaigning with John Kasich &amp; Marco Rubio, and now he is endorsing Ted Cruz. 1/2
Failed presidential candidate Mitt Romney, the man who "choked" and let us all down, is now endorsing Lyin' Ted Cruz. This is good for me!
Going to Salt Lake City, Utah, for a big rally. Lyin' Ted Cruz should not be allowed to win there - Mormons don't like LIARS! I beat Hillary
Club for Growth letter- trying to extort $1,000,000.00 from me. Remember, I said- NO! https://t.co/suIfdiMg0Q
Club For Growth tried to extort $1,000,000 from me. When I said NO, they went hostile with negative ads. Disgraceful!
With millions of dollars of negative and phony ads against me by the establishment, my numbers continue to go up. Can anyone explain this?
.@EWErickson got fired like a dog from RedStateand now he is the one leading opposition against me.
Senator @LindseyGrahamSC made horrible statements about @SenTedCruz – and then he endorsed him. No wonder nobody trusts politicians!
Lyin' Ted Cruz lost all five races on Tuesday-and he was just given the jinx - a Lindsey Graham endorsement. Also backed Jeb. Lindsey got 0!
Join us in Salt Lake City, Utah- tonight!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016https://t.co/1cJ7OFbQiz
Hillary Clinton has been involved in corruption for most of her professional life!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Who should star in a reboot of Liar Liar- Hillary Clinton or Ted Cruz? Let me know. https://t.co/ESdiEftWGs
Highly overrated &amp; crazy @megynkelly is always complaining about Trump and yet she devotes her shows to me. Focus on others Megyn!
Looking like my 5 victories on Tuesday will be just as good as if I won Ohio. Two more days and Ohio was mine!
See you in Arizona on Friday and Saturday. https://t.co/HiOhRaTMbm
Please explain to the dummies at the @WSJ  Editorial Board that I love to debate and have won, according to Drudge etc., all 11 of them!
.@WSJ is bad at math. The good news is, nobody cares what they say in their editorials anymore, especially me!
.@WSJ Editorial says "Clinton primary vote total is 8,646,551.Trump's is 7,533,692"-a knock. But she had only 3 opponents-I had 16.Apologize
The reason lyin' Ted Cruz has lost so much of the evangelical vote is that they are very smart and just don't tolerate liars-a big problem!
Crazy @megynkelly is now complaining that  @oreillyfactor did not defend her against me - yet her bad show is a total hit piece on me.Tough!
Great news that @FoxNews has cancelled the additional debate. How many times can the same people ask the same question? I beat Cruz debating
Crazy @megynkelly supposedly had lyin' Ted Cruz on her show last night. Ted is desperate and his lying is getting worse. Ted can't win!
Stuart Stevens, the failed campaign manager of Mitt Romney's historic loss, is now telling the Republican Party what to do with Trump. Sad!
I will be interviewed on The O'Reilly Factor this evening at 8 pm on the Fox News Channel. @oreillyfactor
Thank you, Missouri! #Trump2016 https://t.co/iOzGtcBbia
Wow, just won Missouri!
I am making a big speech the night of the @FoxNews debate, but I wish everyone well. Yesterday was a big day for me with 5 wins!
Thank you to the Governor of Florida, Rick Scott, for your endorsement. I greatly appreciate your support!
In the last 2 weeks, I had $35M of negative ads against me in Florida &amp; I won in a massive landslide.The establishment should save their $$!
Yesterday was amazing—5 victories.  Lyin’ Ted Cruzhad zero. Things are going very well!
Is this what we want for a President? https://t.co/2yYy6Nyta9
.@RepTomMarino  Great job on television this morning. Glad to have you on my side!
.@pastormarkburns You were great last night and we all very much appreciate it! Thank you!
I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 8:30 A.M. ENJOY!
Will be interviewed on @Morning_Joe at 7:40. ENJOY!
Will be interviewed on @NewDay on @CNN at 7:15 A.M.
Will be interviewed on @GMA at 7:00 A.M. Big wins last night!
Thank you Marco, I agree! https://t.co/PTfFzFno9p
I only wish my wonderful daughter Tiffany could have been with us at Mar-a-Lago for our great election victory. She is a winner!
Thank you Illinois! #SuperTuesday #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 https://t.co/vcfstc6Wnb
Thank you, North Carolina! #Trump2016 #SuperTuesday  #MakeAmericaGreatAgain https://t.co/hd4wtDonIB
Watching other networks and local news. Really good night! Crazy @megynkelly is unwatchable.
Thank you, Florida! #SuperTuesday #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 https://t.co/nzhnLQXrZg
Thank you, Northern Mariana Islands!#SuperTuesday #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain https://t.co/OoP4mls4lp
Can't watch Crazy Megyn anymore. Talks about me at 43% but never mentions that there are four people in race. With two people, big &amp; over!
Word is that, despite a record amount spent on negative and phony ads, I had a massive victory in Florida. Numbers out soon!
A lot of complaints from people saying my name is not on the ballot in various places in Florida? Hope this is false.
I will bring our jobs back to the U.S., and keep our companies from leaving. Nobody else can do it. Our economy will "sing" again.
In presidential voting so far, John Kasich is ZERO for 22. So why would he be a good candidate? Hillary would beat him, I will beat Hillary!
Ohio is losing jobs to Mexico, now losing Ford (and many others). Kasich is weak on illegal immigration. We need strong borders now!
Watching John Kasich being interviewed - acting so innocent and like such a nice guy. Remember him in second debate, until I put him down.
#VoteTrump #SuperTuesday?Florida?Illinois?Missouri?North Carolina?Ohio #TrumpTrain https://t.co/zyRctsFmSq https://t.co/kxrn0ev4UF
North Carolina lost 300,000 manufacturing jobs and Ohio lost 400,000 since 2000. Going to Mexico etc. NO MORE IF I WIN, WE WILL BRING BACK!
Just in, big news- I have been declared the winner of the CNMI Rep Caucus with 72.8% of the vote! Thank you! #SuperTuesday #VoteTrump
Good morning Ohio! Some additional information from my daughter, @IvankaTrump! #VoteTrump #SuperTuesday https://t.co/H7sBEnSpYq
Don't reward Mitt Romney, who let us all down in the last presidential race, by voting for Kasich (who voted for NAFTA, open borders etc.).
Please remember, I am the ONLY candidate who is self-funding his campaign. Kasich, Rubio and Cruz are all bought and paid for by lobbyists!
I will bring our jobs back to America, fix our military and take care of our vets, end Common Core and ObamaCare, protect 2nd A, build WALL
Rubio is weak on illegal immigration, with the worst voting record in the U.S. Senate in many years. He will never MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Kasich voted for NAFTA, a disaster for Ohio, and now wants the even worse TPP approved. Vote Trump and end this madness!
Sadly, this kind of stuff even happened to Ronald Reagan. There is nothing nice about it! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain https://t.co/jC7cn1v18u
THANK YOU - Youngstown, Ohio! I love you! Get out &amp; #VoteTrump tomorrow. #Trump2016 https://t.co/OReGiIS6TF
Kasich has helped decimate the coal and steel industries in Ohio. I will bring them back! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Gov Kasich voted for NAFTA, which devastated Ohio and is now pushing TPP hard- bad for American workers!
Leaving the great people of North Carolina. Amazing event. Heading to Tampa now! #VoteTrump
Look forward to being in Tampa this afternoon. Wonderful crowds. Thank you, Florida!
We don't have a country- if we don't have borders. #VoteTrump Video: https://t.co/wG4RgOi1bW https://t.co/oAXBvcKIsr
Just received from @PeteRose_14. Thank you Pete! #VoteTrump on Tuesday Ohio! #Trump2016#MakeAmericaGreatAgain https://t.co/UvP03n7dQq
LYIN' TED https://t.co/Q0qXDGCN1l
The failing @nytimes is truly one of the worst newspapers. They knowingly write lies and never even call to fact check. Really bad people!
Because Gov. Kasich cannot run in the state of Pennsylvania-he cannot win the nomination- &amp; should not be allowed to compete in Ohio on Tue.
Carly Fiorina- I agree! Ted Cruz is just another politician. All talk- no action!https://t.co/08xkEBD8Be
Thank you Kevin. With unification of the party, Republican wins will be massive! https://t.co/1rmyCGSlsV
Gov.Kasich of Ohio just stated on a morning show that he doesn't watch politics or anything on television, he only watches the @GolfChannel
Ohio Gov.Kasich voted for NAFTA, from which Ohio has never recovered. Now he wants TPP, which will be even worse. Ohio steel and coal dying!
Bernie Sanders is lying when he says his disruptors aren't told to go to my events. Be careful Bernie, or my supporters will go to yours!
Wow, Kasich didn't qualify to run in the state of Pennsylvania, not enough signatures. Big problem!
USSS did an excellent job stopping the maniac running to the stage. He has ties to ISIS. Should be in jail! https://t.co/tkzbHg7wyD?ssr=true
Do the people of Ohio know that John Kasich is STRONGLY in favor of Common Core! In other words, education of your children from D.C. No way
#EndCommonCore #Trump2016Video: https://t.co/krYK2DiAlh https://t.co/RAH45igqJI
Just finished my second speech. 20K in Dayton &amp; 25K in Cleveland- perfectly behaved crowd. Thanks- I love you, Ohio! https://t.co/IDmwG5FQsw
It is Clinton and Sanders people who disrupted my rally in Chicago - and then they say I must talk to my people. Phony politicians!
The last person that Hillary or Bernie want to run against is Donald Trump --- and that is fact!
We are asking law enforcement to check for dishonest early voting in Florida- on behalf of little Marco Rubio. No way to run a country!
Word is-early voting in FL is very dishonest. Little Marco, his State Chairman, &amp; their minions are working overtime-trying to rig the vote.
The rally in Cincinnati is ON. Media put out false reports that it was cancelled! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Thank you Dayton, Ohio! 20,000 supporters- largest in airport history! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 https://t.co/ry2p5qGcFt
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
On my way to Dayton, Ohio. Will be there soon!
The rally in Cincinnati is ON. Media put out false reports that it was cancelled. Will be great - love you Ohio!
Ohio had the biggest budget increase in the U.S. If it were not for striking oil, they would be bust! Governor Kasich in favor of TPP fraud!
Absentee Governor Kasich voted for NAFTA and NAFTA devastated Ohio - a disaster from which it never recovered. Kasich is good for Mexico!
The organized group of people, many of them thugs, who shut down our First Amendment rights in Chicago, have totally energized America!
I just got off the phone with the great people of Guam! Thank you for your support! #VoteTrump today! #Trump2016
Great news! Thank you Governor Ralph DLG Torres! #Trump2016  https://t.co/hXwAK3iyPk
It means so much to me- receiving an endorsement from Phyllis Schlafly. A truly great woman &amp; conservative. https://t.co/11rEMu99qc
Thank you St. Louis, Missouri! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016https://t.co/qM1Mwq05j2 https://t.co/MxVFHvHfS3
Rumor has it that @politico is going out of business. Losing too much money. Great news! Likewise, dopey Mort Zuckerman's @NYDailyNews
https://t.co/ZQ0osiFEJQ
Dr. Ben Carson- I concur. "I believe in God who can change people- he can make any of us better."@RealBenCarson
Thank you! #GOPDebate https://t.co/BuJ1YFkjvm
Thank you America! #Trump2016#MakeAmericaGreatAgain https://t.co/8B0J8Xt3dh
Thank you Mark. #GOPDebate  https://t.co/jeaiAvgEEC
Wow, you are all correct about @FoxNews - totally biased and disgusting reporting.
Another Dishonest Politician #LightweightSenatorMarcoRubio https://t.co/w7G5vJ511O
Keep lightweight Marco and his friends out of the White House. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 https://t.co/hNkkRx66Hc
Phony Club For Growth tried to shake me down for one million dollars, &amp; is now putting out nasty negative ads on me. They are total losers!
Thank you Hawaii! #Trump2016
This was a great evening- I would like to thank everyone for their wonderful support.
Thank you Michigan! #Trump2016
Thank you Mississippi! #Trump2016
Thank you! #Trump2016 https://t.co/WvTkL8mMHY
Thank you America! #Trump2016https://t.co/jOD54EGGmG
Word is I am doing very well in Michigan and Mississippi! Wow, and with all that money spent against me! Will be going to Trump Jupiter now!
I hear @NBCNews / @WSJ came out with another one of their phony polls. While I am leading, they are totally discredited after last S.C. poll
The negative television commercials about me, paid for by the politicians bosses, are a total #Mediafraud. When you watch, remember!
Hawaii:https://t.co/MnIlk2l9hPIdaho:https://t.co/7y5RxLpZRQMississippi:https://t.co/n43cPeJIqaMichigan:https://t.co/GL5JiZbqIc
#VoteTrumpID! #Trump2016https://t.co/c6NHn6d6jX
#VoteTrumpHI! #Trump2016https://t.co/cCCLxnisSO
#VoteTrumpMI! #Trump2016https://t.co/IWMxISjH6L
#VoteTrumpMS! #Trump2016https://t.co/KaHD0uENla
Mitt Romney had his chance and blew it. Lindsey Graham ran for president, got ZERO, and quit! Why are they now spokesmen against me? Sad!
Remember, I am the only one who is self-funding my campaign. All of the other candidates are bought and paid for by special interests!
Sun Sentinel says: Rubio lacks the experience, work ethic and gravitas needed to be president. HE HAS NOT EARNED YOUR VOTE!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Thank you @EricTrump! https://t.co/U1iTLmcbAc
Michigan, Mississippi, Idaho &amp; Hawaii: Get out to VOTE and join the movement today! Video: https://t.co/fJw8Ax7E8P https://t.co/ZDbarevYAc
The Club for Growth is a very dishonest group. They represent conservative values terribly &amp; are bad for America. https://t.co/rnGoaprYuA
People forget, it was Club for Growth that asked me for $1 million. I said no &amp; they went negative. Extortion! https://t.co/oq8jmoep7i
Ted Cruz Was For Welcoming Syrian Refugees Before He Was Against Ithttps://t.co/zw4o1DJgfB
I employ many people in Hawaii at my great hotel in Honolulu. I’ll be there very soon. Vote for me, Hawaii!
Cruz came to Mississippi, there was nobody there, he left the state. I had a rally in Madison, MS with 10,000! Thank you!
I will be interviewed by @SeanHannity tonight at 10pm EST on @FoxNews! Enjoy!
New ad concerning lightweight Senator Marco Rubio: https://t.co/cNe0skpB5i
Thank you Idaho! I love your potatoes- nobody grows them better. As President, I will protect your market. https://t.co/kqx8un1jnw
Lightweight Senator Marco Rubio features Trump Univ. students in FL. attack ads- who submitted "excellent" reviews. https://t.co/JGTD590pKE
It was great being in Michigan. Remember, I am the only presidential candidate who will bring jobs back to the U.S.and protect car industry!
Don't believe the millions of dollars of phony television ads by lightweight Rubio and the R establishment. Dishonest people!
Leaving for North Carolina. Big crowd, will be fun!
Congratulation to Adam Scott and all of the folks at Trump National Doral on producing a really great WGC Tournament. Amazing finish!
I will be using Facebook and Twitter to expose dishonest lightweight Senator Marco Rubio. A record no-show in Senate, he is scamming Florida
We cannot let the failing REPUBLICAN ESTABLISHMENT, who could not stop Obama (twice), ruin the MOVEMENT with millions of  $'s in false ads!
Lindsey Graham is all over T.V., much like failed 47% candidate Mitt Romney. These nasty, angry, jealous  failures have ZERO credibility!
Failed presidential candidate Lindsey Graham should respect me. I destroyed his run, brought him from 7% to 0% when he got out. Now nasty!
How do you fight millions of dollars of fraudulent commercials pushing for crooked politicians? I will be using Facebook &amp; Twitter. Watch!
All of the phony T.V. commercials against me are bought and payed for by SPECIAL INTEREST GROUPS, the bandits that tell your pols what to do
.@meetthepress and @chucktodd did a 1 hour hit job on me today – totally biased and mostly false. Dishonest media!
I am at Trump National Doral-best resort in U.S. Rory and Adam Scott are doing great! Watch on NBC at 3:00 P.M.  MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Thank you to @jdickerson and @FaceTheNation for a very fair and professional interview this morning. No wonder you are #1 in the ratings!
Fraud lightweight Marco made a TV ad on TrumpU featuring 2 people who signed these letters: https://t.co/tSpFBn6Ruxhttps://t.co/KFmotmqfnN
The primary plaintiff in the phony Trump University suit wants to abandon the case. Disgraceful!
Nancy Reagan, the wife of a truly great President, was an amazing woman. She will be missed!
David Brooks, of the New York Times, is closing in on being the dumbest of them all. He doesn’t have a clue.
Thank you Michigan! #Trump2016 https://t.co/ttwwvrTjwE
FLORIDA: Do not miss this opportunity to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! Thank you @IvankaTrump: https://t.co/LHRNDKsoKh https://t.co/7cnWT9RGSr
I will be interviewed on @FaceTheNation this morning. Enjoy!  @jdickerson
.@FoxNews is devastated that lightweight Senator Marco Rubio got trounced tonight and is the big loser. I won the two big states, great!
Thank you Kentucky! #Trump2016#SuperSaturday
Thank you Louisiana! #Trump2016#SuperSaturday
I will be at the Cadillac World Golf Championship @TrumpDoral in Miami tomorrow! Rory, Phil, Bubba, Adam, and Dustin all at the top!
Thank you Willie Robertson! #VoteTrump #MakeAmericaGreatAgain  https://t.co/0TUpaNfUmR
I would love to be at the Cadillac World Golf Championship @TrumpDoral in Miami- but even more so in Orlando with the #TrumpTrain!
I am watching two clown announcers on @FoxNews as they try to build up failed presidential candidate #LittleMarco. Fox News is in the bag!
Romney's failed advisors, like campaign mgr Stuart Stevens are all over TV telling people how to win. But they lost- don't know how to win!
.@MittRomney was a disaster candidate who had no guts and choked! Romney is a total joke, and everyone knows it!
Thank you, Kansas! The line going into the Orlando event is over a mile long. Massive crowd expected. Leaving Kansas now, be there soon!
#CaucusForTrump #Trump2016  https://t.co/pTUlDXgPkP
Getting ready to make my speech at #KansasCaucus. A great honor! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Thank you Kansas! Thousands of people inside- and thousands outside who couldn't get into the hall. Really amazing! #CaucusForTrump
To the people of Kentucky, Rand Paul didn't want you. Now he runs back due to his presidential failure. #VoteTrump #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Why would anyone in Kentucky listen to failed presidential candidate Rand Paul re: caucus. Made a fool of himself (1%.)KY his 2nd choice!
Will be in Orlando, Florida, this afternoon. 25,000 people expected. This is a movement like our GREAT COUNTRY has never seen before!
Wow, big lines in Kansas.
For all of today's voters please remember that I am the only candidate that is self funding my campaign, I am not bought and paid for!
Great time last night in Louisiana. Big and energetic crowd. Go out and vote now, polls open. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I am in Kansas. Will be an exciting day. Big speech this morning in Wichita, and then go to caucus. Sorry CPAC (the format was fine!).
Join me in Wichita, Kansas tomorrow morning! Looking forward to it!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016https://t.co/HtVKgLdKcp
Thank you New Orleans, Louisiana!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #VoteTrumphttps://t.co/tI1h9xT9GX https://t.co/0bf7BOlWEj
Join me in Wichita, Kansas tomorrow morning! Looking forward to it!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016https://t.co/HtVKgLvlAZ
Thank you Cadillac, Michigan! #VoteTrumpMI on 3/8/2016. We will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!https://t.co/8RDmQCbHce https://t.co/94mFPx0EgH
#VoteTrumpKS #Trump2016March 5, 2016 | Wichita, Kansas: https://t.co/BkvBzvsJ12 https://t.co/Q8eZU9yi6W
U.S. Senator Bob Corker (R-Tenn.) issued the following statement today regarding the 2016 presidential election: https://t.co/79y1KgC7S4
Thank you Macomb County, Michigan! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 https://t.co/9TBvy6obcE
Thank you America! #Trump2016 https://t.co/fNMPlXpkFf https://t.co/W1biUNTvFk
MY POSITION ON VISAS#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016https://t.co/JGmOd5gr5z https://t.co/OLg6N3Ug9U
The Better Business Bureau report, with an A rating for Trump University. #GOPDebate https://t.co/ldJ5EFp3HM https://t.co/1K9u09CFQQ
Rubio puts out ad that my pilot was a drug dealer- not true, not my pilot! Guy owned helicopter company- don't think I ever even used.
Senator Sessions will serve as the Chairman of my National Security Advisory Committee. https://t.co/jQed1P6SD9 https://t.co/n83Cbs4jtA
THANK YOU PORTLAND, Maine!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016https://t.co/6lMFR6z8xO https://t.co/eKGxNbG6wD
On my way to see the great people of Maine. Will be landing in Portland in 2 hours. Look forward to it! #Trump2016
Will miss @RealBenCarson tonight at the #GOPDebate. I hope all of Ben's followers will join the #TrumpTrain. We will never forget.
Go to Trump Doral in Miami and watch the World Golf Championship! On NOW!
The phony lawsuit against Trump U could have been easily settled by me but I want  to go to court. 98% approval rating by students. Easy win
Why did Mitt Romney BEG me for my endorsement four years ago?
I am the only one who can beat Hillary Clinton. I am not a Mitt Romney, who doesn't know how to win. Hillary wants no part of "Trump"
Why would the great people of Florida vote for a guy who, as a Senator, never even shows up to vote - worst record. Marco Rubio is a joke!
I have brought millions of people into the Republican Party, while the Dems are going down. Establishment wants to kill this movement!
Failed candidate Mitt Romney,who ran one of the worst races in presidential history,is working with the establishment to bury a big "R" win!
Looks like two-time failed candidate Mitt Romney is going to be telling Republicans how to get elected. Not a good messenger!
Millions of dollars being spent on false TV ads by special interest groups who own Rubio &amp; Cruz.When you see them think of your puppet POLS
Because of me, the Republican Party has taken in millions of new voters, a record. If they are not careful, they will all leave. Sad!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016Video: https://t.co/IbcE5tsRf7 https://t.co/bHqg1rkFy3
I would love to see the Republican party and everyone get together- and unify.Video: https://t.co/RWEnPUJO23 https://t.co/RT8Gmf6WHL
Just another desperate move by the man who should have easily beaten Barrack Obama. (2/2)
Failed Presidential Candidate Mitt Romney is having a news conference tomorrow to criticize me. (1/2)
I am going to repeal and replace ObamaCare! Read more about my positions on healthcare reform here: https://t.co/WwIVhIud06
.@CNN poll just hit 49% for Trump. Interesting how my numbers have gone so far up since lightweight Marco Rubio has turned nasty. Love it!
Why can't the leaders of the Republican Party see that I am bringing in new voters by the millions-we are creating a larger, stronger party!
My wife @MELANIATRUMP will be #OnTheRecord w/ @greta tonight at 7pmE on @FoxNews. Enjoy! https://t.co/yxrRkJJSGG https://t.co/Trv1hj9hRI
Marco Rubio lost big last night. I even beat him in Virginia, where he spent so much time and money. Now his bosses are desperate and angry!
Why would anyone in Florida vote for lightweight Senator Marco Rubio. Check out his credit card scam, his house sale &amp; his no show voting!
The special interests and people who control our politicians (puppets) are spending $25 million on misleading and fraudulent T.V. ads on me.
Thank you Vermont! #Trump2016#SuperTuesday
Thank you Arkansas! #Trump2016#SuperTuesday
Thank you Virginia! #Trump2016#SuperTuesday
Thank you Alabama! #Trump2016#SuperTuesday
Thank you Tennessee! #Trump2016#SuperTuesday
Thank you Massachusetts! #Trump2016 #SuperTuesday
Thank you Georgia!#SuperTuesday #Trump2016
Wow! Thank you Louisville, Kentucky! #VoteTrump on 3/5/2016! Lets #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!https://t.co/frO6s3NKpp https://t.co/xFwWRrro3l
Lets go America! Get out &amp; #VoteTrump! #Trump2016#MakeAmericaGreatAgain!#SuperTuesday https://t.co/w0eAglHeh8 https://t.co/rGanPzZHmS
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Thank you Columbus, Ohio! https://t.co/D0tok8j6jj
The people of South Carolina are embarrassed by Nikki Haley!
Got the endorsement of Brian France and @NASCAR yesterday in Georgia. Also, many of the sports great drivers. Thank you Nascar and Georgia!
Thank you Georgia! 15,000 amazing supporters tonight! Everyone get out &amp; #VoteTrump tomorrow! #SuperTuesday https://t.co/jNA5YON6hA
Great news- Former Mayor of Dallas, Tom Leppert, has just endorsed me! Thank you! Tomorrow is a big day- VOTE! #VoteTrump #SuperTuesday
Thank you Brian France, Bill Elliott, @chaseelliott, @DavidRagan, &amp; @RyanJNewman! #NASCAR #Trump2016 #VoteTrumphttps://t.co/6UDcvm1GB2
Phony Rubio commercial. I could have settled, but won't out of principle! See student surveys. https://t.co/KKHiBH554d
Trump University has a 98% approval rating. I could have settled but won't out of principle!
Thank you Virginia! 15,000 amazing supporters! Everyone get out and #VoteTrump tomorrow! https://t.co/Zg0OhOdtkV
My wife @MELANIATRUMP will be joining @andersoncooper @AC360 tonight at 8pmE on @CNN. Enjoy! https://t.co/aTIXHgK32N
Governor Alejandro García Padilla said presidential hopeful Sen. Marco Rubio “is no friend of Puerto Rico." https://t.co/I6mhYnAcZ3
#Trump2016 #TrumpInstagram: https://t.co/tzHtny48nQ https://t.co/BpKZcISeKi
I am self funding my campaign and only work for YOU, the American people!#Trump2016 Video: https://t.co/8hDC0YUobe https://t.co/o0EB479uEF
"Hillary could lose to Trump in Democratic New York"#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016https://t.co/fQR48CVIbt
Join me in Columbus, Ohio tomorrow!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016https://t.co/yFhZd55GD9
Thank you America! Get out &amp; VOTE tomorrow! #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain https://t.co/ypLELkprpu https://t.co/XKU8R5b8Lo
My sons, Don and Eric, are on @foxandfriends now 7:35. Great kids, enjoy!
Thank you @SenatorSessions!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016https://t.co/Szs0QF88HR https://t.co/UL6t60TTjP
THANK YOU ALABAMA! 32,000 supporters tonight. Get out &amp; VOTE on Tuesday! WE WILL MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! https://t.co/rOkldN7dat
Our law enforcement officers deserve our appreciation for the incredible job they do. Video: https://t.co/c4WjtoGpKT https://t.co/Z0XnapOu84
I will be making a big surprise announcement to the massive crowd assembled in Huntsville/Madison Alabama! Landing now! #Trump2016
Phylis Schlafly: 'Marco Rubio Betrayed Us All' https://t.co/nmXmLDQuaa
Little Marco Rubio treated America's ICE officers "like absolute trash" in order to pass Obama's amnesty. https://t.co/gm2wurLjFz
Little Marco Rubio gave amnesty to criminal aliens guilty of "sex offenses." DISGRACE! https://t.co/mZwpynzsLb
Little Marco Rubio is just another Washington D.C. politician that is all talk and no action. #RobotRubio https://t.co/HJWJeoZn4o
Lightweight Senator Marco Rubio is polling very poorly in Florida. The people can't stand him for missing so many votes - poor work ethic!
Little Marco Rubio, the lightweight no show Senator from Florida is just another Washington politician. https://t.co/NsLrHrqjdx
Mitt Romney didn't show his tax return until SEPTEMBER 21, 2012, and then only after being humiliated by Harry R! A bad messenger for estab!
As I stated at the press conference on Friday regarding David Duke- I disavow. https://t.co/OIXFKPUlz2
Why would the people of Texas support Ted Cruz when he has accomplished absolutely nothing for them. He is another all talk, no action pol!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 https://t.co/yFhZd55GD9
Little Marco Rubio, the lightweight no show Senator from Florida, is set to be the "puppet" of the special interest Koch brothers. WATCH!
Making a big speech in Alabama today. So many people we had to move to a football stadium! Come and join us!
I am the only Republican who will get large numbers of Dems and Indies (crossover). I will also get states that no other Republican can get.
While Hillary and I both won South Carolina by big margins, Repubs got far more votes with a massive increase from past cycles.GROWING PARTY
The Republican Establishment has been pushing for lightweight Senator Marco Rubio to say anything to "hit" Trump.I signed the pledge-careful
While I hear the Koch brothers are in big financial trouble (oil), word is they have chosen little Marco Rubio, the lightweight from Florida
We need to fix our broken education system! #StopCommonCore #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Video: https://t.co/xZ1eCJPo8T https://t.co/S8gQ6cibhC
THANK YOU Arkansas! Get out &amp; #VoteTrump on Tuesday. We will MAKE AMERICA SAFE &amp; GREAT AGAIN! https://t.co/evoiSpn8PX
Incredibly proud of my son @EricTrump &amp; his efforts on behalf of @StJude in Memphis, TN. https://t.co/FUWhYKhhNK https://t.co/ZgxukBnQ3k
It was an honor to be the Grand Marshall- in the Salute to Israel Parade back in 2004. https://t.co/G7G6HFP0Dh
Just watched lightweight Marco Rubio lying to a small crowd about my past record. He is not as smart as Cruz, and may be an even bigger liar
.#RogerStone was just banned by @CNN - their loss! Tough, loyal guy.
I started my business with very little and built it into a great company, with some of the best real estate assets in the World. Amazing!
I only wish my wonderful father, Fred, gave me $200 million to start my business like lightweight Rubio says. He didn't - total fabrication!
Fun to watch the Democrats working so hard to win the great State of South Carolina when I just won the Republican version - amazing people!
I am self-funding my campaign and am therefore not controlled by the lobbyists and special interests like lightweight Rubio or Ted Cruz!
Tax experts throughout the media agree that no sane person would give their tax returns during an audit. After the audit, no problem!
I unfairly get audited by the I.R.S. almost every single year. I have rich friends who never get audited. I wonder why?
I will be on @foxandfriends at 8:30 A.M. Will be talking about lightweight Marco Rubio and lying Ted Cruz!
Thank you Pastor Robert Jeffress! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 https://t.co/ndKu8m8RY2
What I would do on my first day in office. #MakeAmericaGreatAgainWatch: https://t.co/DhANDG8uBd https://t.co/SzdZzYOnDG
Thank you Texas! 10,000 amazing supporters! #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain https://t.co/T2cBdktPbp
Never let them see you sweat! https://t.co/qygVFf6JFF
Thank you for your support &amp; friendship- Governor @ChrisChristie!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 https://t.co/jVI6Q6JH18
They don't like Rubio in Florida- he left them high &amp; dry. Doesn't even show up for votes!
Lightweight Marco Rubio was working hard last night. The problem is, he is a choker, and once a choker, always a choker! Mr. Meltdown.
Wow, every poll said I won the debate last night. Great honor!
Lightweight choker Marco Rubio looks like a little boy on stage. Not presidential material!
Lying Ted Cruz and lightweight choker  Marco Rubio teamed up last night in a last ditch effort to stop our great movement. They failed!
Will be at Fort Worth (Texas) Convention Center at 11:30 A.M. Big crowd - get there early! Big announcement to be made!
Why would the people of Florida vote for Marco Rubio when he defrauded them by agreeing to represent them as their Senator and then quit!
Have a good chance to win Texas on Tuesday. Cruz is a nasty guy, not one Senate endorsement and, despite talk, gets nothing done. Loser!
I will be making a speech at 12:00 in Fort Worth, Texas. Really big crowd expected. Will be talking about the debate last night-plus, plus!
Big day in Texas tomorrow! Having a rally in Fort Worth. Tremendous crowd. Will be exciting! #Trump2016 https://t.co/JGUopujRIk
All the online polls have me winning the debate. I really enjoyed the evening. Not easy, but good. https://t.co/sLTmwVVM5I
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 https://t.co/FvIUXMkrjj
Thank you! #GOPDebate Polls #MakeAmericaGreatAgain https://t.co/At5vOiLCSy
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain!  https://t.co/in4raBhwqa
Thank you! WE WILL MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! #Trump2016 https://t.co/aht7wYVIUg
Failed presidential candidate @MittRomney was made to look like a fool by Senator Harry Reid &amp; didn't release his tax returns until 9/21/12.
THANK YOU!  #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016https://t.co/nvgOPoo5qf https://t.co/0JCjfbcpJZ
FMR PRES of Mexico, Vicente Fox horribly used the F word when discussing the wall. He must apologize! If I did that there would be a uproar!
Early on Ted Cruz said that if he didn't win South Carolina, it's over. He didn't win- and lost to me in a landslide!
Thank you Illinois! #Trump2016 https://t.co/Ol0u2Krkwc
Join me in Oklahoma tomorrow night!#MakeYoutubeGreatAgain #Trump2016https://t.co/sUTcDoip3C
I'm going to do what @MittRomney was totally unable to do- WIN!
LETS MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!Schedule &amp; tickets: https://t.co/nU39QHzxxX https://t.co/GUQo1TMsMo
Signing a recent tax return- isn't this ridiculous? https://t.co/UdwqF4iZIZ
Just for your info, tax returns have 0 to do w/ someone’s net worth. I have already filed my financial statements w/ FEC. They are great!
Why doesn’t @MittRomney just endorse @marcorubio already.Should have done it before NH or Nevada where he had a little sway. Too latenow!
Mitt Romney, who was one of the dumbest and worst candidates in the history of Republican politics, is now pushing me on tax returns. Dope!
Great new poll. Thank you Texas! #VoteTrump #MakeAmericaGreatAgain https://t.co/VHqAvsIyuW
Ted Cruz is lying again. Polls are showing that I do beat Hillary Clinton head to head. Check out https://t.co/45g7qpxq7T Poll snd Q Poll.
Texas, Georgia &amp; many more VOTE EARLY! This is a movement!#Trump2016 VOTE VIDEO: https://t.co/LWeckhLWNv https://t.co/o93j0A0BIR
.@RepChrisCollins  Chris, thank you so much for your wonderful endorsement. I will not let you down! @CNN
When Ted Cruz quits the race and the field begins to clear, I will get most of his votes - no problem!
Why would Texans vote for "liar" Ted Cruz when he was born in Canada, lived there for 4 years-and remained a Canadian citizen until recently
When Mitt Romney asked me for my endorsement last time around, he was so awkward and goofy that we all should have known he could not win!
Mitt Romney,who totally blew an election that should have been won and whose tax returns made him look like a fool, is now playing tough guy
The polls show that I picked up many Jeb Bush supporters. That is how I got to 46%. When others drop out, I will pick up more.  Sad but true
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! https://t.co/IVSR0hmh5g
In all of television- the only one who said anything bad about last nights landslide victory-- was dopey @KarlRove. He should be fired!
I am in Virginia @RegentU Presidential forum with Dr. Pat Robertson- beginning now! Watch here: https://t.co/LgucYLxFgG
I am self funding my campaign &amp; don't owe anybody anything! I only owe it to the American people! #Trump2016Watch: https://t.co/fUzX92RYIm
.@USATODAY Poll and @QuinnipiacPoll say that I beat both Hillary and Bernie, and I havn't even started on them yet!
Big defeat last night in Nevada for Ted Cruz and Marco Rubio. @KarlRove on @FoxNews is working hard to belittle my victory. Rove is sick!
@MELANIATRUMP did great on television this morning. Poised, smart and strong, with a big heart - so much to offer. We are all proud of you!
Melania will be interviewed by @morningmika on @Morning_Joe now (8:30 A.M.). ENJOY!
THANK YOU NEVADA!#Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain@Snapchat! Username: realdonaldtrump https://t.co/e0HX1zekX8 https://t.co/uVBGpXzICo
THANK YOU NEVADA! WE WILL MAKE AMERICA SAFE &amp; GREAT AGAIN! https://t.co/ClAnLIg0AD https://t.co/zVvyVCIaD4
Make sure you get on the Trump line and are not mislead by the Cruz people. They are bad! BE CAREFUL.
Exclusive interview w/ my wife @MELANIATRUMP- tomorrow morning @ 8amE on @Morning_Joe w/ @morningmika @MSNBC. Enjoy! https://t.co/FQSEKWxnwj
GO VOTE FROM NOW TO 8:30 P.M. NEVADA. I WILL BE AT VARIOUS CAUCUS SITES. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
My wife Melania will be on @Morning_Joe  tomorrow morning at 8:00. Interviewed by @morningmika - Enjoy!
Thank you Sparks, Nevada!#VoteTrumpNV #NevadaCaucus Finder: https://t.co/Ryp3DwNe0uhttps://t.co/n74lmDoRQO https://t.co/sO5h9LmIMg
Club for Growth is the group that came to my office seeking $1 million dollars. I told them no and now they are doing negative ads.
Great. Just reported on @FoxNews that many people who supported @JebBush are now supporting me. I knew that would happen, pundits didn't!
Wow, great Ohio poll. Shows me leading by 5 points, beating K!
Unlike the other Republican candidates, I will be in Nevada all day and night - I won't be fleeing, in and out. I love &amp; invest in Nevada!
Join us in Sparks, Nevada today! #NevadaCaucus #VoteTrumpNV https://t.co/5DyhPftng9
I am growing the Republican Party tremendously - just look at the numbers, way up! Democrats numbers are significantly down from years past.
Ted Cruz lifts the Bible high into the air and then lies like a dog-over and over again! The Evangelicals in S.C. figured him out &amp; said no!
Ted Cruz does not have the right "temperment" to be President. Look at the way he totally panicked in firing his director of comm. BAD!
Wow was Ted Cruz disloyal to his very capable director of communication. He used him as a scape goat-fired like a dog! Ted panicked.
Ted Cruz only talks tough on immigration now because he did so badly in S.C. He is in favor of amnesty and weak on illegal immigration.
THANK YOU LAS VEGAS, NEVADA!#NevadaCaucus #VoteTrumpNVhttps://t.co/cZlNRrFtW3 https://t.co/scdxT24Dye
Join me live- now in Las Vegas, Nevada! We will MAKE AMERICA SAFE &amp; GREAT AGAIN! #VoteTrumpNV #NevadaCaucus https://t.co/IW9s9noxDT
Ted Cruz said on @oreillyfactor that illegals sent out of country by my administration would come right back as citizens. Another lie-crazy!
A big fat hit job on @oreillyfactor tonight. A total waste of time to watch, boring and biased. @brithume said I would never run, a dope!
Great Town Hall tonight at 10:00 P.M. (Eastern) conducted by @seanhannity on @FoxNews
Thank you Vermont! #VoteTrumpVT https://t.co/8KGOpqDb9t
Thank you Michigan! #VoteTrumpMITrump 35%Kasich 17%Cruz 12%Rubio 12%Carson 9% Via: ARG
Great poll! Thank you North Carolina! #VoteTrumpNC on 3/15!Trump 36%Cruz 18%Rubio 18%Carson 10%Kasich 7%Via @SurveyUSA
WOW! Thank you Massachusetts! See you soon. #VoteTrumpMAhttps://t.co/mNbDUPrEeh
Just watched the very incompetent Mitt Romney Campaign Strategist, Stuart Stevens. Now I know why Mitt lost so badly. Stevens is a clown!
Thank you Illinois! Great news! #VoteTrumpIL on 3/15!Trump 28%Cruz 15%Rubio 14%Kasich 13%Bush 8%Carson 6%Simon Poll/SIU
I will be on @seanhannity tonight- from Las Vegas, Nevada at 10pmE. Enjoy! #Hannity #Trump2016 https://t.co/mx5rxf4oHl
Ted Cruz should be disqualified from his fraudulent win in Iowa. Weak RNC and Republican leadership probably won't let this happen! Sad.
Just saw the phony ad by Cruz - totally false, more dirty tricks. He got caught in so many lies - is this man crazy?
Ted Cruz has now apologized to Marco Rubio and Ben Carson for fraud and dirty tricks. No wonder he has lost Evangelical support!
Ted Cruz has been playing an ad about me that is so ridiculously false - no basis in fact. Take ad down Ted. Biggest liar in politics!
Wow, Ted Cruz falsely suggested Marco Rubio mocked the Bible and was just forced to fire his Communications Director. More dirty tricks!
It is so important to audit The Federal Reserve, and yet Ted Cruz missed the vote on the bill that would allow this to be done.
Thank you for your endorsement @paulteutulsr! #BikersForTrump #VoteTrumpNV Video: https://t.co/1JEdwPPCux https://t.co/56gkQTM7oc
Many people are now saying I won South Carolina because of the last debate. I showed anger and the people of our country are very angry!
I hear the Rickets family, who own the Chicago Cubs, are secretly spending $'s against me. They better be careful, they have a lot to hide!
The reason that Ted Cruz lost the Evangelicals in S.C. is because he is a world class LIAR, and Evangelicals do not like liars!
I am in Las Vegas, at the best hotel (by far), Trump International. I will be working with my wonderful teams and volunteers to WIN Nevada!
A number of months ago, I was not expected to win South Carolina,Ted Cruz was, and yet I won in a landslide - every group and category. WIN!
THANK YOU Atlanta, Georgia! Leaving for Nevada now. Lets MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN! https://t.co/wHfraU67yX https://t.co/WqvxMwJk2S
Thank you South Carolina!  https://t.co/U1HoDmuuH3
A quote was read from a parody account last night on MSNBC re: Jeb.  https://t.co/4twxJ4blje
The failing @WSJ Wall Street Journal should fire both its pollster and its Editorial Board. Seldom has a paper been so wrong.Totally biased!
I will be live on all of the major morning talk shows. Enjoy!
Thank you @SarahPalinUSA for your amazing help and support. Big win, leaving now for Atlanta and Nevada.The people of South Carolina got it!
What a great night. Thank you South Carolina, a special place with truly amazing people! LOVE
People (pundits) gave me no chance in South Carolina. Now it looks like a possible win. I would be happy with a one vote victory! (HOPE)
South Carolina voters have the future of our country in their hands. Vote now (today), and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Remember that Marco Rubio is very weak on illegal immigration. South Carolina needs strength as illegals and Syrians pour in. Don't allow it
I wonder if President Obama would have attended the funeral of Justice Scalia if it were held in a Mosque? Very sad that he did not go!
I am the only candidate (in many years) who is self-funding his campaign. Lobbyists and $ interests totally control all other candidates!
Lying #Ted Cruz just (on election day) came out with a sneak and sleazy Robocall. He holds up the Bible but in fact is a true lowlife pol!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Just finished two major speeches in South Carolina. Big crowds, great people. Going for a third now!
Boycott all Apple products  until such time as Apple gives cellphone info to authorities regarding radical Islamic terrorist couple from Cal
Hopefully others will follow suit. Our country needs &amp; should demand security. It is time to get tough &amp; be smart!
I use both iPhone &amp; Samsung. If Apple doesn't give info to authorities on the terrorists I'll only be using Samsung until they give info.
I have built so many great &amp; complicated projects– creating tens of thousands of jobs-video: https://t.co/9cqt78cGiT https://t.co/4Q7oJHKoqV
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 https://t.co/6hP6PzPkY5
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016  https://t.co/zIn9Zl4Ukx
Remember, Cruz and Bush gave us Roberts who upheld #ObamaCare twice! I am the only one who will #MAKEAMERICAGREATAGAIN!
I’m self-funding and I am going to take care of the people – not the special interests and insurance companies like the other candidates.
I will replace it with private plans, health savings accounts, &amp; allow purchasing across state lines. Maximum choice &amp; freedom for consumer.
I was referring to a backstop for pre-existing conditions. I will eliminate the law, in its entirety, &amp; replace it w/ something much better.
I was asked about healthcare by Anderson Cooper &amp; have been consistent- I will repeal all of #ObamaCare, including the mandate, period.
A message from @IvankaTrump! #SCPrimary #VoteTrumpSC #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Video: https://t.co/5NZw5Bs6NR https://t.co/KEx85mQxEv
Thank you South Carolina! Everyone get out and vote tomorrow! We will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! https://t.co/Q2qxHINAHo
Tonight I will be on @FoxNews with @SeanHannity at 10pm and @CNN w/ @AndersonCooper at 10:10pm. Enjoy! #VoteTrumpSC #Trump2016
We will MAKE AMERICA SAFE &amp; GREAT AGAIN! #Trump2016 #VoteTrumpSChttps://t.co/wG4RgO0pNm https://t.co/3XpJvBZuk5
Join us Saturday night- for the South Carolina Primary Watch Party!#SCPrimary #Trump2016 https://t.co/AqRhLydI0u
Join us tomorrow night in Charleston, South Carolina! #SCPrimary #Trump2016 https://t.co/VauoRmgcVz
Response to the Pope:https://t.co/iWDjTIQyhE
I agree with Marco Rubio that Ted Cruz is a liar!
.@FoxNews is changing their  theme from "fair and balanced" to "unfair and unbalanced." But dying @WSJ is worse.Their phony poll is a  joke!
Thank you South Carolina! Together, WE WILL MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! #VoteTrumpSC https://t.co/ZkXPm9lPL1
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 https://t.co/nrcrU08sQ6
Thank you America! #Trump2016https://t.co/U9L0ja3frk https://t.co/oqv2dSa1ET
New CBS National Poll just out - massive lead for Trump. The Wall Street Journal/NBC Poll is a total joke. No wonder WSJ is doing so badly!
I love being in South Carolina. We are leading big in all of the State polls - Saturday is a BIG day. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
The just out USA Today National Poll, where I lead by big numbers, shows that in a head to head matchup, I beat both Hillary and Bernie.
Amazing that while I lead by big numbers in the new Q and and USA Today polls, the the press only wants to report on the phony WSJ/NBC poll.
Join us tomorrow in Kiawah, South Carolina! #SCPrimary #VoteTrumpSC#Trump2016 https://t.co/pG868uImBb
THANK YOU AMERICA! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 https://t.co/TRrdR0nlpM
Thank you Nevada! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 https://t.co/n6hGfdCWuv
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 https://t.co/uMLm0Gd3lX
Jeb Bush just got contact lenses and got rid of the glasses. He wants to look cool, but it's far too late. 1% in Nevada!
Just out Nevada poll shows Jeb Bush at 1%, he should take his dumb mouthpiece, @LindseyGrahamSC, and just go home.
.@FoxNews is so biased it is disgusting. They do not want Trump to win. All negative!
I will beat Hillary easily, but Lindsey Graham says I won't, and yet he got zero against me- no cred! Why does FOX put him on?
.@lindseygraham, who had zero in his presidential run before dropping out in disgrace- saying the most horrible things about me on @FoxNews.
Interesting how President Obama so haltingly said I "would never be president" - This from perhaps the worst president in U.S. history!
Why does @megynkelly devote so much time on her shows to me, almost always negative?  Without me her ratings would tank. Get a life Megyn!
Thank you  @kayleighmcenany for your nice words - great knowledge and style! We are doing really well in South Carolina. @CNN @donlemon
.@brithume thinks that when Republicans drop out of the race, someone will pick up ALL of that vote. The fact is I will get much of it!
Explain to @brithume and @megynkelly, who know nothing, that I will beat Hillary and win states (and dem-indie votes) that no other R can!
Will be interviewed by @StephenAtHome tonight by phone- a late show first @CBS @colbertlateshow. Enjoy! #Colbert #LSSC
Thank you, South Carolina! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 https://t.co/pIDqnY4IL3
Thank you to the 2,500+ in North Augusta, South Carolina. Lines down the block! Don't forget to VOTE on Saturday! https://t.co/KayUN9rfIV
#TeamTrump is thinking of Captain Andrew Maitner. A true American hero. #MaitnerStrong https://t.co/v96l7tUFWy https://t.co/uLuDOHEIB2
Just sat down for a great interview with @PHussionWYFF in Greenville today. Watch at 5pm. An amazing day in South Carolina! #VoteTrumpSC
Thank you! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain https://t.co/tIBB3BMUvp
New PPP Poll just out - Trump up big, Cruz, Rubio and Bush down. The debate results, even with a stacked RNC audience, were wonderful!
Spent the full day at meetings and a major rally yesterday in South Carolina. Great people and spirit. Today will be more of the same.
New South Carolina poll from PPP. Thank you! #VoteTrumpSC https://t.co/6618Oi6vle
What a night! 10,000 amazing supporters in Greenville, South Carolina! THANK YOU!VOTE on Saturday! #VoteTrumpSC https://t.co/jXYLRDayB7
Thank you for your continued support!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain https://t.co/cykncrrSRE
RESPONSE TO THE LIES OF SENATOR CRUZ: https://t.co/9PGo56YTqt#Trump2016 #VoteTrumpSC
JEB is a hypocrite! Used massive private "Eminent Domain" --- Just another clueless politician! https://t.co/yZT3lSutt9
Jeb used Eminent Domain &amp; took advantage of a disabled vet in the process. (2/2)https://t.co/eiBCld77tV
I'd like to call JEB a liar, but the truth is he has no clue &amp; never revealed that he used Eminent Domain- when criticizing me! (1/2)
Now that George Bush is campaigning for Jeb(!), is he fair game for questions about World Trade Center, Iraq War and eco collapse? Careful!
I will be in South Carolina all week. Saturday is BIG, BIG, BIG! Get out and vote - MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN
Jeb Bush and Ted Cruz are not electable presidential candidates, Hillary would destroy them. Ted may not be eligible to run - born in Canada
Funny that Jeb(!) didn't want help from his family in his failed campaign and didn't even want to use his last name.Then mommy, now brother!
Ted Cruz, along with Jeb Bush, pushed Justice John Roberts onto the Supreme Court. Roberts could have killed ObamaCare twice, but didn't!
Wow, in the new CBS Poll I went way up into the forties! Thank you!
Tickets for future debates should be put out to the general public instead of being given to the lobbyists &amp; special interests - the bosses!
Loved the debate last night, and almost everyone said I won, but the RNC did a terrible job of ticket distrbution. All donors &amp; special ints
Thank you for your support! TOGETHER we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! https://t.co/fFN9pisyQ4 https://t.co/VxyuDwZmC9
I will be on Face the Nation with John Dickerson on CBS this morning. Enjoy!
This shows what a complete &amp; total liar Ted Cruz is- he said he wouldn't have nominated John Roberts. Really? https://t.co/gBnsNgomom
Even though every poll, Time, Drudge etc., has me winning the debate by a lot, @FoxNews only puts negative people on. Biased - a total joke!
#GOPDebate #GoogleTrends https://t.co/yVxFubckNs
Hey @glennbeck- see how I beat your boy Ted- in your own Blaze poll? Your endorsement means nothing! #GOPDebate
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain! https://t.co/Cwp6Ub5GqJ
All polls have me winning debate big- Drudge, TIME, etc. Dopey Charles Krauthammer still nasty. He has zero cred- totally dishonest!
How can @JebBush beat Hillary Clinton- if he can't beat anyone else on the #GOPDebate stage with $150M? I am the only one who can!
Thank you! I miss my father.  https://t.co/1IPVwX0avU
Lightweight @JebBush said tonight he didn't know his family used private eminent domain in Texas- Lie! #GOPDebate
On the way to the #GOPDebate with my wonderful wife @MelaniaTrump.https://t.co/SnOnu6IHTC https://t.co/f0C429tvHO
Ted Cruz is a cheater! He holds the Bible high and then lies and misrepresents the facts!
Nasty Ted Cruz is at it again- same dirty tricks he used w/ @RealBenCarson- saying I may not be on ballot &amp; I hold liberal positions. LIES!
Wow! Honored to be chosen by the highly respected + accurate Washington &amp; Lee Mock Convention. I hope you are right - I will make you proud!
The totally unexpected loss of Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia is a massive setback for the Conservative movement and our COUNTRY!
Love the people of South Carolina - look very much forward to the debate tonight.
Thank you, South Carolina! We will MAKE AMERICA SAFE &amp; GREAT AGAIN!https://t.co/8pfvTZngrZ https://t.co/QiO0nwcFSA
"Get on Trump's List" email from the RNC was not authorized. I am self funding my campaign! Do not pay. Email: https://t.co/6hKW7Ssxz4
A very big thank you to Bill Donohue, head of The Catholic League, for the wonderful interview on @CNN and article in Newsmax! Great insight
Totally unauthorized, do not pay. I am self funding my campaign! Notice has just been withdrawn. #Trump2016#MakeAmericaGreatAgain
The RNC, which is probably not on my side, just illegally put out a fundraising notice saying Trump wants you to contribute to the RNC.
Now an additional 600-700 jobs in America (2,000) being eliminated for move to Mexico- via Hartford Courant. https://t.co/bOIYQLqGRG
I am the only one who can fix this. Very sad. Will not happen under my watch! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain https://t.co/8MQ4imuTTi
Just got back from Tampa. It was an amazing evening with an even more amazing crowd - fantastic people! Will be in South Carolina tomorrow.
Word is that little Morty Zuckerman’s @NYDailyNews loses more than $50 million per year---can that be possible?
When little Morty Zuckerman closes his failing @NYDailyNews will I at least be given some credit? Will happen soon.
11,000 inside venue tonight in Tampa! Broke record set by Elton John in 1988 w/out musical instruments! Another 5,000 outside. Will be back!
I will end illegal immigration and protect our borders! We need to MAKE AMERICA SAFE &amp; GREAT AGAIN! #Trump2016https://t.co/wd3LlMz01I
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain! https://t.co/7zuMD4oxUq
Millions of $'s of false ads,  paid for by lobbyists-special interests of cheater @SenTedCruz  and sleepy @JebBush, are now running in S.C.
Last time lightweight @JebBush tried to knock off @marcorubio he made a total fool of himself. If he doesn't do better this time, he is out!
If @TedCruz doesn’t clean up his act, stop cheating, &amp; doing negative ads, I have standing to sue him for not being a natural born citizen.
Lightweight @JebBush is spending a fortune of special interest against me in SC. False advertising- desperate and sad!
After hearing the news that they would not be able to extort $1M from me, they went hostile w/ a series of incorrect &amp; ill-informed ads.
Nothing conservative about the Club for Growth coming into my office and demanding a $1M contribution, which naturally, they did not get.
You must be registered Republican by February 16th to vote TRUMP in the Florida primary. https://t.co/xZzUkjV3lLhttps://t.co/lPuprzJBQ5
The failing @NYDailyNews, destroyed by little Morty Zuckerman, is preparing to close and save face by going online. It's dead!
NEVADA! Tomorrow is the deadline to register Republican.Visit: https://t.co/bHZ4JVckOpMessage from @IvankaTrump: https://t.co/SZTq1QOXEg
How can Ted Cruz be an Evangelical Christian when he lies so much and is so dishonest?
Lying Cruz put out a statement, “Trump &amp; Rubio are w/Obama on gay marriage." Cruz is the worst liar, crazy or very dishonest. Perhaps all 3?
Weak JEB getting thrown out by management during speech. Do you think he will be this tough on Putin &amp; others?  https://t.co/Tqej1euLVL
THANK YOU- Baton Rouge, Louisiana! WE will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! #Trump2016 https://t.co/XV7EIe7A2l
Just landed in Baton Rouge, Louisiana. Reports are out that lines are three quarters of a mile to get in. Wow! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Cruz caught cold in lie after denial of push polls like lies w/ @RealBenCarson. How can he preach Christian values? https://t.co/p3yGL02ABA
Heading to Baton Rouge, Louisiana for a speech. Expecting a very large crowd! See you soon. #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
We are getting reports from many voters that the Cruz people are back to doing very sleazy and dishonest "pushpolls" on me. We are watching!
Jeb failed as Jeb! He gave up and enlisted Mommy and his brother (who got us into the quicksand of Iraq). Spent $120 million.Weak-no chance!
He (or she) who hesitates is lost: MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Remember, it was the Republican Party, with the help of Conservatives, that made so many promises to their base, BUT DIDN'T KEEP THEM! Hi DT
.@MarkHalperin showed a focus group on @Morning_Joe me using a very bad word. I never said the word, left an open blank. Please apologize!
Jeb Bush spent more than $40,000,000 in New Hampshire to come in 4 or 5, I spent $3,000,000 to come in 1st. Big difference in capability!
There are no buyers for the worthless @NYDailyNews but little Mort Zuckerman is frantically looking. It is bleeding red ink - a total loser!
I have been consistent in my opposition to Common Core. Get rid of Common Core--- keep education local!
THANK YOU- Clemson, South Carolina! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #SCPrimary https://t.co/FgACmaFxxc
I was referring to the fact that Jeb Bush wants to keep common core.
Big speech tonight in South Carolina - 7:00 P.M. Tremendous crowd!
So funny, Jeb Bush called me a "highly gifted politician and a great entertainer" - I assume that is a compliment!
Such a great experience in New Hampshire - amazing people! Will be leaving for a big event in South Carolina today.
Like the worthless @NYDailyNews, looks like @politico will be going out of business. Bad reporting- no money, no cred!
Worthless @NYDailyNews, which dopey Mort Zuckerman, is desperately trying to sell, has no buyer! Liabilities are massive!
Dopey Mort Zuckerman, owner of the worthless @NYDailyNews, has a major inferiority complex. Paper will close soon!
Thank you to the people of  New Hampshire, I love you! Now, off to South Carolina.
Thank you, New Hampshire! Departing with my amazing family now! #FITN #NHPrimaryhttps://t.co/rbFfcq8gQq https://t.co/73aoZk8uMG
We will stop heroin and other drugs from coming into New Hampshire from our open southern border. We will build a WALL and have security.
We will immediately repeal and replace ObamaCare - and nobody can do that like me. We will save $'s and have much better healthcare!
ISIS is making big threats today - no respect for U.S.A. or our "leader" - If I win it will be a very different story,with very fast results
New Hampshire vote today -  MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
You can find your polling locations at: https://t.co/BmZyKQOZJJ #FITN #NHPrimary #VoteTrumpNH https://t.co/8lREIqhIuN
A message to the great people of New Hampshire on this important day! #VoteTrumpNH Video: https://t.co/7S2f2GSMB8 https://t.co/9WwRWnvqiv
Thank you for a great night at the Verizon Wireless Arena- New Hampshire! #VoteTrumpNH#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #FITN https://t.co/pbt7gDaw7y
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 8:40. A.M. Enjoy!
The polls are now showing that I am the best to win the GENERAL ELECTION. States that are never in play for Repubs will be won by me. Great!
No-one has done more for people with disabilities than me. I have spent many millions of dollars to help out-and am happy to have done so!
I know the "Governors" and Jeb Bush, who has gone nasty with lies, is by far the weakest of the lot. His family used private eminent domain!
Remember @JebBush wants COMMON CORE (education from D.C.) and is very weak on ILLEGAL IMMIGRATION ("come as act of love"). Not a leader!
Thank you, New Hampshire! #FITN https://t.co/uZItWkqQZa
Thank you, New Hampshire! #FITN #NHPrimary #VoteTrumpNH  Voting questions? https://t.co/BmZyKQOZJJ https://t.co/1tZfqVETrX
#VoteTrumpNH #NHPrimary #FITNhttps://t.co/p4XCxNkXQO
Now that Bush has wasted $120 million of special interest money on his failed campaign, he says he would end super PACs. Sad!
Today's third stop- Londonderry, New Hampshire! Thank you!#FITN #VoteTrumpNH https://t.co/pRpcxaZ7ov
America needs strong leadership. Politicians can talk but they don’t get things done. Video: https://t.co/YwZdQdzKcz https://t.co/lBXXyuZAcO
Everybody is laughing at Jeb Bush-spent $100 million and is at bottom of pack. A pathetic figure!
Jeb Bush is desperate - strongly in favor of #CommonCore and very weak on illegal immigration.
Thank you for your support at this mornings Town Hall- in Salem, New Hampshire. #FITN #NHPrimary https://t.co/4m6dabtxCV
Jeb Bush has zero communication skills so he spent a fortune of special interest money on a Super Bowl ad. He is a weak candidate!
My two wonderful sons, Don and Eric, will be on @foxandfriends at 7:02 - now! Enjoy.
So far the Super Bowl is very boring - not nearly as exciting as politics - MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I am in New Hampshire having a great time! Loved the #GOPDebate last night! Everybody enjoy the Super Bowl. #SuperBowlSunday #SB50
Thank you- Plymouth, New Hampshire! #FITN #NHPrimary https://t.co/1hzn6iZIEw
Thank you Newt!  https://t.co/6FkwdpI0Oj
We are going to have a big event at the Verizon Wireless Arena in Manchester, New Hampshire! 5K+! Join us tomorrow: https://t.co/HVfhtIPcIp
Great to meet everyone while having breakfast @ChezVachon this morning! #FITN #VoteTrumpNHhttps://t.co/25UwkinUOd https://t.co/bmZvSmWe7Y
.@ABCPolitics #GOPDebate#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #FITN https://t.co/jM6wrUGQox
I will be on Meet the Press with Chuck Todd on NBC this morning. Enjoy! https://t.co/EIYyfFtnPs
I am on @foxandfriends now! Tune in!
I will be on State of the Union @CNN with @jaketapper at 9am. Enjoy!
Come join us at the Verizon Wireless Center- Manchester, New Hampshire on 2/8! Register now: https://t.co/xK5HYX226k https://t.co/zjRpnoV2ih
I love New Hampshire - will be an exciting evening!
Join me tomorrow in Plymouth, New Hampshire! #FITN #NHPrimary https://t.co/zQscD1mCwM
The New Hampshire drug epidemic must stop. If elected POTUS- I will create borders &amp; the drugs will stop pouring in. https://t.co/YdEnhqdTbS
Wow, Jeb Bush, whose campaign is a total disaster, had to bring in mommy to take a slap at me. Not nice!
Border agent: "We might as well abolish our immigration laws altogether"https://t.co/LsrIXzCyJr
I said this was happening long ago- I will stop this immediately! https://t.co/IWXGbBVwvT
It never ends!  https://t.co/vdErsfh5H6
I told you so. Our country totally lost control of illegal immigration, even with criminals. https://t.co/IZgZqr6BgB
10,000 people in South Carolina, unbelievable evening! Will be in New Hampshire tomorrow- love it. https://t.co/tF033Yjhu3
Really dumb @CheriJacobus. Begged my people for a job. Turned her down twice and she went hostile. Major loser, zero credibility!
Join me at Clemson University on Wednesday, February 10th! #MakeAmericaGreatAgainhttps://t.co/X6tp1bpIhi
Heading to South Carolina, really big crowd! Will be back in New Hampshire tomorrow.#MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Such great support in New Hampshire. So many people are working so hard to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
I very much look forward to tomorrow’s debate in New Hampshire—so many things to say, so much at stake. It will be an incredible evening!
Live Free or Die: A motto for the whole country to follow. #NewHampshire #FITN #VoteTrumpNH https://t.co/W04ezOy28v
Big storm in New Hampshire. Moved my event to Monday. Will be there next four days.
Join us Monday, February 8th @ the Verizon Wireless Arena in Manchester, New Hampshire! #FITN #NHPolitics #Trump2016 https://t.co/HVfhtJ6O6Z
Watch @AC360 on NOW! @CNN
I will be interviewed by Anderson Cooper at 8pm on @CNN from New Hampshire. Should be very interesting!
Taking a helicopter to New Hampshire, boarding now. Amazing activity planned. New UMASS poll, very nice! https://t.co/xFvGE0dRlA
Politicians are trying to chip away at the 2nd Amendment. I won’t let them take away our guns! #Trump2016Watch: https://t.co/zl4sMjmOUc
This is the Cruz voter violation certificate sent to everyone, a misdemeanor at minimum. https://t.co/tMav17UGkf
.@oreillyfactor @KarlRove- as per the show, an even more serious Cruz charge is the fraudulent voter violation certificate sent to everyone.
#ICYMI: @KarlRove &amp; @oreillyfactor discuss what Ted Cruz did to the great people of Iowa- as they went to vote. https://t.co/Tv0FNezxse
Thank you @billoreilly &amp; @KarlRove. Ted Cruz should be immediately disqualified in Iowa, with each candidate moving up one notch.
Sanders says he wants to run against me because he doesn't want to run against me. He would be so easy to beat!
THANK YOU to everyone in Little Rock, Arkansas tonight! A record crowd of 12K. #Trump2016https://t.co/MjtIq2ii0Q https://t.co/I9WkPN3pWm
Stop the assault on American values. Stand w/ Trump to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!#VotersSpeak: https://t.co/XRRJ0fMkNV https://t.co/c7EHokbLD1
Thank you New Hampshire! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #FITN https://t.co/4EFJbQxJGW
Dr. Ben Carson blasted Ted Cruz for "deceit and dirty tricks and lies."
Cruz just lied again- I am, and have been totally against #ObamaCare- repeal and replace!
The State of Iowa should disqualify Ted Cruz from the most recent election on the basis that he cheated- a total fraud!
This was sent out from Ted Cruz- as Iowans arrived at their caucus sites to vote. #CruzFraud https://t.co/tRM7KUCrSU
I will be interviewed on @greta at 7:00 P.M. Enjoy! @FoxNews
Based on the fraud committed by Senator Ted Cruz during the Iowa Caucus, either a new election should take place or Cruz results nullified.
And finally, Cruz strongly told thousands of caucusgoers (voters) that Trump was strongly in favor of ObamaCare and "choice" - a total lie!
The Voter Violation certificate gave poor marks to the unsuspecting voter(grade of F) and told them to clear it up by voting for Cruz. Fraud
Many people voted for Cruz over Carson because of this Cruz fraud. Also, Cruz sent out a VOTER VIOLATION certificate to thousands of voters.
During primetime of the Iowa Caucus, Cruz put out a release that @RealBenCarson was quitting the race, and to caucus (or vote) for Cruz.
Ted Cruz didn't win Iowa, he stole it. That is why all of the polls were so wrong and why he got far more votes than anticipated. Bad!
Great job on @donlemon tonight @kayleighmcenany  @cherijacobus begged us for a job. We said no and she went hostile. A real dummy! @CNN
On my way to New Hampshire- expecting a big and spirited crowd! #FITN #Trump2016 https://t.co/oUg1ErD0j7 https://t.co/9Hb7JO3wrZ
Anybody who watched all of Ted Cruz's far too long, rambling, overly flamboyant speech last nite would say that was his Howard Dean moment!
.@Morning_Joe  @mikebarnicle on @realDonaldTrump: He finished 2nd but he made the turn successfully like a pro"
I don't believe I have been given any credit by the voters for self-funding my campaign, the only one. I will keep doing, but not worth it!
I will be talking about my wonderful experience in Iowa and the simultaneous unfair treatment by the media-later in New Hampshire. Big crowd
The media has not covered my long-shot great finish in Iowa fairly. Brought in record voters and got second highest vote total in history!
Because I was told I could not do well in Iowa, I spent very little there - a fraction of Cruz &amp; Rubio. Came in a strong second. Great honor
My experience in Iowa was a great one. I started out with all of the experts saying I couldn't do well there and ended up in 2nd place. Nice
It all begins today - WE WILL FINALLY TAKE OUR COUNTRY BACK AND MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Join us! #CaucusForTrump11am WATERLOO: https://t.co/DGw5Yk2iSi1:30pm CEDER RAPIDS: https://t.co/6WZTqOy4TW https://t.co/yyjQ1iFT2x
.@DonaldJTrumpJr &amp; his wife @MrsVanessaTrump attended the #SnowflakeGardenBrunch- here w/ Governor @TerryBranstad. https://t.co/mgLh9Im9QI
Watch @IvankaTrump show you how easy it is to #CaucusForTrump in Iowa! #IACaucus Video: https://t.co/Bf4J2OBtUU https://t.co/4Ma5JSkFu7
So nice to get an endorsement from the founder and owner of Pizza Ranch in Iowa! A great guy and great places! #CaucusForTrump
It is time to take back our country- and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!#CaucusForTrump Video: https://t.co/y9Fa8Ut6IP https://t.co/bJ6a0t9Pv2
I will be interviewed on Face The Nation with @jdickerson this morning. Enjoy!
I am in Iowa. Will be interviewed on This Week With @GStephanopoulos  this morning. ENJOY!
If I would have done the last debate, a record would have been set (instead of the poor ratings recieved). Also, VETS got $6,000,000.
By not doing the failed, poorly rated debate, I was able to make the point of not allowing "unfairness" - while raising $6,000,000 for VETS.
Wow, just saw an ad - Cruz is lying on so many levels. There is nobody more against ObamaCare than me, will repeal &amp; replace. He lies!
Ted Cruz is in trouble for not reporting his bank borrowing in his very important Financial Disclosure Form. Very low interest loans, scam!
Ted Cruz is totally unelectable, if he even gets to run (born in Canada). Will loose big to Hillary. Polls show I beat Hillary easily! WIN!
I will be going to church in Iowa this morning with my wife, Melania. After church I will be making two speeches and touring the State!
.@bobvanderplaats is a total phony and con man. When I wouldn't give him free hotel rooms and much more, he endorsed Cruz. @foxandfriends
.@bobvanderplaats asked me to do an event. The people holding the event called me to say he wanted $100,000 for himself.Phony @foxandfriends
.@bobvanderplaats is a total phony and dishonest guy. Asked me for expensive hotel rooms, free (and more). I said pay and he endorsed Cruz!
The Cruz campaign issued a dishonest and deceptive get out the vote ad calling voters "in violation." They are now under investigation. Bad!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! #IACaucus #CaucusForTrumphttps://t.co/nU39QHzxxX https://t.co/IrrzLCa2ev
#IACaucus #CaucusForTrump#iCaucused #iVotedhttps://t.co/jSYl2IYjPO
I want to thank evangelical Christians for the warm embrace I've received on the campaign trail. Video: https://t.co/u6oOcWGePe
I will be in Iowa all day and until Tuesday morning. Finally, after all these years of watching stupidity, we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Hillary Clinton is a major national security risk. Not presidential material!
THANK YOU to all of the incredible volunteers, behind the scenes in Iowa! #CaucusForTrump https://t.co/osvIsBwAgX https://t.co/EY0wNYv9XD
Looking forward to a great weekend in Iowa! #IACaucus #CaucusForTrump Tickets: https://t.co/nU39QHzxxX https://t.co/xZlwspf6xe
.@oreillyfactor  The people of Iowa love the fact that I stuck up for my rights, as I will do for the U.S. Also got $6,000,000 for our VETS!
.@FoxNews is the only network that does not even mention my very successful event last night. $6,000,000 raised in one hour for our VETS.
Amazing that Ted Cruz can't even get a Senator like @BenSasse, who is easy, to endorse him. Not one Senator  is endorsing Canada Ted!
.@BenSasse looks more like a gym rat than a U.S. Senator. How the hell did he ever get elected?  @greta
The great State of Nebraska can do much better than @BenSasse as your Senator. Saw him on @greta - totally ineffective. Wants paid for pols.
The new e-mail release is a disaster for Hillary Clinton. At a minimum, how can someone with such bad judgement be our next president?
Thank you for all of your support Iowa!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016#IACaucus finder: https://t.co/ANvTcZqfOq https://t.co/fQAxuMe01b
They say that if I participated in last night’s Fox debate, they would have had 12 million more &amp; would have broken the all time record.
Thank you, America! #Trump2016Via @DRUDGE_REPORT https://t.co/hVa0gJiBNz
Join me tomorrow in Dubuque, Iowa! #IACaucus #Trump2016 https://t.co/rWbHdaYgBl
Thank you- Nashua, New Hampshire! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016https://t.co/NpJGvQwYU5 https://t.co/9h8CgrCXGB
"Every American needs to say 2 simple words to every Vet they meet: THANK YOU!" John Wayne Walding https://t.co/wG8EzPHZt1
Thank you!Mitchell FOX2 Michigan Poll finds Trump holds 3-1 lead over closest GOP opponents. Trump 47% Clinton 43% https://t.co/xpaeV0YzGV
Great Twitter poll- and I wasn't even there. Thank you! #GOPDebate https://t.co/yLJGkoOeBg
Getting ready to take off for Nashua, New Hampshire. Big crowd, will be there soon. Fun!
Iowa was amazing last night. The event could not have worked out better. We raised $6,000,000 for our great vets. They were so happy &amp; proud
Thank you for your interest &amp; support during last nights #GOPDebate! #IACaucus finder: https://t.co/ANvTcZqfOq https://t.co/yadQiPC49g
Good morning America! Thank you for all of your support in the latest Drudge poll! https://t.co/XDnixWnqwb https://t.co/yUTtLnALxy
Thank you for your support!https://t.co/Mjr8D4dDrK
Thank you, America!  https://t.co/YJ0KIYpTaV
#IACaucus • 2/1/2016 • 6:30pm#MakeAmericaGreatAgain!Iowa caucus finder: https://t.co/ANvTcZqfOq #GOPDebate https://t.co/HLuyCcuLcp
Thank you for the kind words tonight, @OMAROSA. You were great! See you soon!
I will take care of the Veterans who have served this country so bravely.#ThankAVet Video: https://t.co/WH9GSeSH29 https://t.co/WMR7jnmsyz
An unbelievable night in Iowa with our great Veterans! We raised $6,000,000.00 while the politicians talked! #GOPDebate
Watching biased Charles @krauthammer, a @FoxNews flunky who didn't know that I won every debate, in particular- the last one. Check polls!
"Donald Trump Hands Bill O’Reilly Cable TV Viewership Win"- @deadline-https://t.co/Ytid4IrW4y
#Trump2016 #IACaucus Finder:https://t.co/ANvTcZ8EpQ https://t.co/gicaoEOFCC
I hear that @SenTedCruz’s $$ man, Robert Mercer, a good man, is very angry because Cruz lied to him about liquidating his (Ted’s) holdings.?
20 Most Anticipated Hotel Openings of 2016: Trump International Hotel, Washington D.C. https://t.co/jd3H0LQcas
Tennessee GOP Pollhttps://t.co/hfSxKaXC42Trump 32.7%Cruz 16.5%Carson 6.6%Rubio 5.3%Christie 2.4%Jeb 1.6%
It is my great honor to support our Veterans with you! You can join me now. Thank you! #Trump4Vetshttps://t.co/UVn3kUd2DV
#Trump2016 #IACaucus Finder:https://t.co/ANvTcZqfOq https://t.co/1vjCHYYlzU
Being politically correct takes too much time. We have too much to get done! #Trump2016 https://t.co/8icSqEombg https://t.co/fkgkcVxVo7
“What America Needs: The Case for Trump” Great new book by the esteemed Jeffrey Lord @JeffJlpa1 Available now. https://t.co/xeHKbIDApr
The "debate" tonight will be a total disaster - low ratings with advertisers and advertising rates dropping like a rock. I hate to see this.
Wow, two candidates called last night and said they want to go to my event tonight at Drake University.
#Trump2016 #IACaucus Finder:https://t.co/ANvTcZqfOq https://t.co/thNiQh0nY6
On Greta, 87% of the people said they would not watch the debate if I'm not in it. Wow- what an honor!
FOX debate advertising rates falling like a rock! Tune into my special event for the Veterans at 9pm EST!
Thank you- Lexington, South Carolina!#Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgainhttps://t.co/jaiRNIyYGL https://t.co/upAo2eDDVB
It was the childishly written &amp; taunting PR statement by Fox that made me not do the debate, more so than lightweight reporter, @megynkelly.
I will be interviewed on @oreillyfactor tonight at 8:00 P.M. (Eastern). Enjoy!
I am self funding my campaign so I do not owe anything to lobbyists &amp; special interests. https://t.co/QYcedgsoV3 https://t.co/5f7zFDiVsN
Even though I beat him in the first six debates, especially the last one, Ted Cruz wants to debate me again. Can we do it in Canada?
Just got to listen to Rush Limbaugh - the guy is fantastic!
The statement put out yesterday by @FoxNews was a disgrace to good broadcasting and journalism. Who would ever say something so nasty &amp; dumb
I refuse to call Megyn Kelly a bimbo, because that would not be politically correct. Instead I will only call her a lightweight reporter!
CBS's FACE THE NATION - Posts Largest Audience Since 2001#Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain https://t.co/TzZx97FU1n
https://t.co/SmTkLPiBYD
Pathetic attempt by @foxnews to try and build up ratings for the #GOPDebate. Without me they'd have no ratings! https://t.co/2bx54VKpQh
Thank you, America!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 https://t.co/7xxWD0au9H
"Trump shows complete domination of Facebook conversation" https://t.co/tPiIyk4Dyc
"Minorities Line Up Behind Donald Trump" #Trump2016 https://t.co/ClcvOgWOMy
THANK YOU! #Trump2016#IACaucus finder: https://t.co/ANvTcZqfOq https://t.co/CxqTh61ssz
Do you think @SenTedCruz knows about @bobvanderplaats dealings? Actually, I doubt it!
Should I do the #GOPdebate? https://t.co/cjTywwIl85
.@bobvanderplaats begged me to do an event while asking organizers for $100,000 for himself—a bad guy!
Great honor- Rev. Jerry Falwell Jr. of Liberty University, one of the most respected religious leaders in our nation, has just endorsed me!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 https://t.co/oJyGTj5QX8
For the great people of Iowa, find your #IACaucus location at https://t.co/ANvTcZqfOq - so important to vote! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Why doesn't phony  @bobvanderplaats tell his followers all the times he asked for him and his family to stay at my hotels-didn't like paying
I will end common core. It's a disaster.https://t.co/d83XYrqZ3m#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 https://t.co/r0Sc6zm80I
"Donald Trump retains national lead in new ABC News/WaPo poll with 37%: https://t.co/xPjA3TBbTa" https://t.co/6Uaecpwqwm
I will be interviewed by @MariaBartiromo on @MorningsMaria  @FoxBusiness at 7:30 A.M. Enjoy.
I will be doing @GMA @GStephanopoulos this morning at around 7:00. Likewise, I will be doing @Morning_Joe at around 7:00. Figure it out!
Thank you - Farmington, New Hampshire! #FITN #Trump2016 https://t.co/bJ9Z3qZBQu
Just landed in New Hampshire. Will be at the venue shortly. #FITN
Phyllis Schlafly’s Eagle Forum: ‘National Review Will Be Defunct In The Next Year’ https://t.co/S7QmDkv2sg
Leaving now for New Hampshire. Big crowd- looking forward to it! #FITN
Cruz lies are almost as bad as Jeb's. These politicians will do anything to stay at the trough!
Cruz going down fast in recent polls- dropping like a rock. Lies never work!
Ted Cruz is a nervous wreck. He is making reckless charges not caring for the truth! His poll #'s are way down!
I will be on @CNNSitRoom with @wolfblitzer from 5-7pm est. on @CNN.
I will be on Morning's with Maria on the Fox Business Network tomorrow during the 7am and 8am ET hours.
Find out where to #VoteTrump on caucus night in Iowa on 2/1/16!#IACaucus #FITN #Trump2016 https://t.co/xd9iG0uh4l https://t.co/ocIpo2DInT
Obama's deal vs. Trump's deals- https://t.co/UpQ3LkUUpm
Join us in Iowa, tomorrow! #IACaucus #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 3:00pm: https://t.co/cWQKRAgqfX 7:30pm: https://t.co/v2Ejh0TweS
I will be on The Situation Room with @wolfblitzer from 5-7pm est on CNN
I want to win for the people of this great country. The only people I will owe are the voters. #Trump2016 Video: https://t.co/rx7aOQqN7y
IPSOS/REUTERS POLLThank you! #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain https://t.co/sbzp75EPSq
It's time for Ted Cruz to either settle his problem with the FACT that he was born in Canada and was a citizen of Canada, or get out of race
Fox News PollThank you, New Hampshire! #FITN#Trump2016 https://t.co/jC1qisBbit
New Fox News PollThank you, Iowa! #Trump2016 #IACaucus https://t.co/aCj0Hq20hV
I will make our Military so big, powerful &amp; strong that no one will mess with us. #Trump2016 https://t.co/fxgCl9J1Wf https://t.co/PJECpbmkSE
I will be on Face The Nation this morning at various times across the U.S. @CBSNews  Enjoy!
I will be on @meetthepress this morning at various times across the U.S. @NBCNews  Enjoy!
Love making correct predictions. National Review is over. https://t.co/tEHJTl6tNAreview-doomed
Word is that crying @GlennBeck left the GOP and doesn't have the right to vote in the Republican primary. Dumb as a rock.
Serious doubt in Illinois as to whether or not Cruz can run for President. First of many challenges. https://t.co/j9pngqvo5X
Just left a great event in Pella. Going to church tomorrow in Muscatine, Iowa.
I will be on FOX with the great @JudgeJeanine tonight at 9pm EST! Enjoy! #Trump2016
.@williebosshog such an honor to get your endorsement. You are a fantastic guy! It will not be forgotten. Don and Eric say hello!
Heading now to Pella, Iowa. Big crowd! Remember, Trump is a big buyer of Pella windows. See you soon!
For the great people of Iowa, find your #IACaucus location at https://t.co/3KWOl20zMm. So important to vote! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Just left Sioux Center, Iowa. My speech was very well received. Truly great people! Packed house- overflow!
A wonderful story on Iowa voters by @arappeport of the @NYTimes. https://t.co/fGVQsMbRKj
Failing @GlennBeck lost all credibility. Not only was he fired @ FOX, he would have voted for Clinton over McCain. https://t.co/dfCOkb7Ex8
Based on @MegynKelly's conflict of interest and bias she should not be allowed to be a moderator of the next debate.
Heading to Sioux County, Iowa, where the crowd is amazing. Dr. Robert Jeffress will make the introduction. Make America Great Again!
Ted Cruz poll numbers are down big. Because he was born in Canada and was, until recently, a Canadian citizen, many believe he cannot run!
I am in Iowa watching all of these phony T.V. ads by the other candidates. All bull, politicians are all talk and no action-it won't happen!
.@AnnCoulter has been amazing. We will win and establish strong borders, we will build a WALL and Mexico will pay. We will be great again!
I will be the greatest job-producing president in American history. #Trump2016 #VoteTrump https://t.co/tykxcT5ZtG https://t.co/oc480lwVQg
I am in Iowa. Will be making two speeches today. Good luck to all of the great folks on the East coast. Enjoy the beauty of the storm!
A wonderful article by a writer who truly gets it. I am for the people and the people are for me. #Trump2016 https://t.co/6rh849dlYZ
Is Cruz honest? He is in bed w/ Wall St. &amp; is funded by Goldman Sachs/Citi, low interest loans. No legal disclosure &amp; never sold off assets.
Cruz did not renounce his Canadian citizenship as a US Senator- only when he started to run for #POTUS. He could be Canadian Prime Minister.
Cruz says I supported TARP, which gave $25 million to Goldman Sachs, the bank which loaned him the money he didn't disclose. Puppet!
The only reason irrelevant @GlennBeck doesn't like me is I refused to do his failing show - asked many times. Very few listeners - sad!
.@BrentBozell, one of the National Review lightweights, came to my office begging for money like a dog. Why doesn't he say that?
Just watched Jeb's ad where he desperately needed mommy to help him. Jeb --- mom can't help you with ISIS, the Chinese or with Putin.
Ted Cruz went down big in just released Reuters poll - what's going on? Is it Goldman Sachs/Citi loans or Canada?
Rush Limbaugh is great, tells it as he sees it---really honorable guy! Thanks Rush! #Trump2016
The tax scam Washington Post does among the most inaccurate stories of all. Really dishonest reporting.
Just received the new Fox poll.Thank you, America! #Trump2016 https://t.co/QKNineuS8H
Wow! New National Zogby Poll just out:.TRUMP 45. CRUZ 13. RUBIO 8. Big numbers.
Leaving Nevada now for Iowa. Things are looking good - great new polls!
New National GOP Zogby Poll#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016https://t.co/Ma6OABMYpF https://t.co/evqFrWKBD1
"National Black Republican Association Endorses Donald J. Trump" #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain https://t.co/9IPw30G5OG
New Reuters poll! Thank you!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 https://t.co/KDVZoUia4I
The dying @NRO National Review has totally given up the fight against Barrack Obama. They have been losing for years. I will beat Hillary!
Wow! This might be my highest # yet! Thank you to my opposition- you are totally ineffective &amp; have been for years! https://t.co/o1l1XNZvhU
After spending $89 million, @JebBush is at the bottom of the barrel in polls. He is ashamed to use the name "Bush" in ads. Low energy guy!
The failing @NRO National Review Magazine has just been informed by the Republican National Committee that they cannot participate in debate
Highly respected Constitutional law professor Mary Brigid McManamon has just stated, "Ted Cruz is not eligible to be President." Big problem
#TedCruz eligibility to be President not settled law, says Cruz' Constitutional Law Professor, #LaurenceTribe https://t.co/GWKoJsBINZ"
Ted Cruz complains about my views on eminent domain, but without it we wouldn't have roads, highways, airports, schools or even pipelines.
The late, great, William F. Buckley would be ashamed of what had happened to his prize, the dying National Review!
Very few people read the National Review because it only knows how to criticize, but not how to lead.
National Review is a failing publication that has lost it's way. It's circulation is way down w its influence being at an all time low. Sad!
Thank you, Iowa! #FITN #IACaucus#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 https://t.co/wVJldvTSag
Why does @Greta have a fired Bushy like dummy, John Sununu on- spewing false info? I will beat Hillary by a lot, she wants no part of Trump.
#Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain https://t.co/vfUwGIGjN4
Thank you, New Hampshire!#Trump2016 https://t.co/TG9oZKly4l
Thank you! #Trump2016 https://t.co/pcdmyIO1Zt
Thank you, Iowa! #Trump2016 https://t.co/ryhEheTLqN
Happy birthday to my friend, the great @jacknicklaus - a totally special guy!
New Day on CNN treats me very badly. @AlisynCamerota is a disaster. Not going to watch anymore.
Low energy candidate @JebBush has wasted $80 million on his failed presidential campaign. Millions spent on me. He should go home and relax!
Sad sack @JebBush has just done another ad on me, with special interest money, saying I won't beat Hillary - I WILL. But he can't beat me.
So sad that @CNN and many others refused to show the massive crowd at the arena yesterday in Oklahoma. Dishonest reporting!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016UNIFYING THE NATIONVideo: https://t.co/1ZWE5R183k https://t.co/Md10pL1wn8
Wacko @glennbeck is a sad answer to the @SarahPalinUSA endorsement that Cruz so desperately wanted. Glenn is a failing, crying, lost soul!
New CNN/WMUR New Hampshire poll just released. Thank you! #FITN #Trump2016 https://t.co/sZr9taU20G
Bob Dole Warns of ‘Cataclysmic’ Losses With Ted Cruz, and Says Donald Trump Would Do Better via New York Times: https://t.co/txEaLrZ4uY
Thank you, New Hampshire! #FITN#Trump2016 #NHPolitics https://t.co/3FkMZpaEdR
Thank you, Florida! #Trump2016 https://t.co/npcw1AN2ht
15K in OK! Had to turn away 5k, but we are coming back soon to take care of them! So much love in the crowd! Thanks! https://t.co/XsOeREiYuA
Great rally in Iowa! Such wonderful people. Traveling now with @SarahPalinUSA to Tulsa- massive crowd expected! https://t.co/gaK4KEbHOh
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016LIFE CHANGING EXPERIENCEVideo: https://t.co/8kAswDS0bc https://t.co/0bSTLvq7V9
I am greatly honored to receive Sarah Palin's endorsement tonight. Video: https://t.co/4P7AMKI4iq https://t.co/bjTPvwM4nW
Judge Jeanine Slams GOP Establishment:https://t.co/gEhfZ3NAhi
#Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #ECONOMY - VIDEO: https://t.co/KrCUSYFPLb https://t.co/KsVYviVdc2
“Palin’s brand among evangelicals is as gold as the faucets in Trump tower,” said Ralph Reed, the chairman of the Faith &amp; Freedom Coalition.
Wow, the highly respected Governor of Iowa just stated that "Ted Cruz must be defeated." Big shoker! People do not like Ted.
A true honor to receive the endorsement of John Wayne's daughter....read: https://t.co/X6jR0WVBvd https://t.co/1e6gk0PsQH
In the just released SC poll I increased my lead by 4 points since last poll by same firm. Up by 14! Cruz dropped 3. https://t.co/qM4JUsyaqH
Thank you for your strong testimony when welcoming me to Liberty University, yesterday- @JerryJrFalwell. https://t.co/VJgj7AC5tE
Thank you Georgia! I appreciate all of your support. #Trump2016 https://t.co/oNbgRpjKDl
.@FreeJesseJames- Just read your complete statement. You are an amazing guy &amp; I really appreciate your words &amp; support. I will see you soon!
On my way to Iowa- just received new national poll numbers. Thank you!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 https://t.co/sQ9UEVW4Vp
Really disgusting that the failing New York Times allows dishonest writers to totally fabricate stories.
Dope Frank Bruni said I called many people, including Karl Rove, losers-true! I never called my friend @HowardStern a loser- he’s a winner!
.@tedcruz Conflicting Stances on Birthright Citizenship [14th Amendment] Gives #TeamTrump credit. https://t.co/0x2qed7174
Wow, new polls just out have Trump up and Cruz down - he is a nervous wreck!
.@TheBrodyFile great job on @AC360. Thank you for the very smart and kind words!
".@TheBrodyFile Exclusive: @realDonaldTrump Says He Will Protect Evangelicals Better Than @tedcruz https://t.co/BLdnkYzMBE… #CBNNews #2016"
I don't think Ted Cruz can even run for President until he can assure Republican voters that being born in Canada is not a problem. Doubt!
Ted Cruz is falling in the polls. He is nervous. People are worried about his place of birth and his failure to report his loans from banks!
I loved being at Liberty University today! Record setting crowd, unbelievable people! Thank you Jerry and Becki! https://t.co/YrLGb7wXyh
We launched a new series of #Trump2016 videos via Facebook. A new topic everyday! Watch: https://t.co/NXWNOcWZgc https://t.co/52E3LU3W77
A great morning with everyone @LibertyU! Thank you! Off to New Hampshire now. #Trump2016 https://t.co/XUWGANbq8k https://t.co/aEMUMqSoWm
Leaving for Liberty University. I'll be speaking today in front of a record crowd. #Trump2016
Just a reminder that Ted Cruz supported liberal Justice John Roberts who gave us #Obamacare. https://t.co/gBnsNgomom
Thank you @IvankaTrump for the kind words. I am very proud of the role model you are for so many. NH &amp; IA radio ad: https://t.co/NqJJVdapnG
I am self-funding my campaign - putting up my own money, not controlled.  Cruz is spending $millions on ads paid for by his N.Y. bosses.
Far more killed than anticipated in radical Islamic terror attack yesterday. Get tough and smart U.S., or we won't have a country anymore!
Big announcement in Ames, Iowa on Tuesday! You will not want to miss this rally! #Trump2016 https://t.co/J2wyAfXdlz https://t.co/lErVfowpMX
Iran is going to buy 114 jetliners with a small part of the $150 billion we are giving them...but they won't buy from U.S., rather Airbus!
In Iran deal we get 4 prisoners. They get $150 billion, 7 most wanted and many off watch list. This will create great incentive for others!
Interesting read from Peggy Noonan. https://t.co/jAxIy8xseM
Is this the New York that Ted Cruz is talking about &amp; demeaning? https://t.co/rYGX9vazku
Wow! Ted Cruz received $487K in campaign contributions, $11M from a NY hedge fund mogul, &amp; $1M low int. loan from Goldman Sachs. Hypocrite
Departing NH now- great morning with record crowd in Portsmouth- in a snow storm! Thank you! https://t.co/m98wooUwsG https://t.co/izBMhEZolh
Greatly dishonest of @TedCruz to file a financial disclosure form &amp; not list his lending banks- then pretend he is going to clean up Wall St
When will @TedCruz give all the New York based campaign contributions back to the special interests that control him.
Everybody that loves the people of New York, and all they have been thru, should get hypocrites like Ted Cruz out of politics!
If Ted Cruz is so opposed to gay marriage, why did he accept money from people who espouse gay marriage?
Ted is the ultimate hypocrite. Says one thing for money, does another for votes. https://t.co/hxdfy0mjVw
Great new numbers. Thank you! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016https://t.co/Z1lQdxQvRL https://t.co/GFYNUWWCYn
Ted Cruz purposely, and illegally, did not list on his personal disclosure form personally guaranteed loans from banks. They own him!
Based on the fact that Ted Cruz was born in Canada and is therefore a "natural born Canadian," did he borrow unreported loans from C banks?
Oh no, just reported that Ted Cruz didn't report another loan, this one from Citi. Wow, no wonder banks do so well in the U.S. Senate.
The Ted Cruz wiseguy apology to the people of New York is a disgrace. Remember, his wife's employer, and his lender, is located there!
Was there another loan that Ted Cruz FORGOT to file. Goldman Sachs owns him, he will do anything they demand. Not much of a reformer!
Ted Cruz said he "didn't know" that he was a Canadian Citizen. He also FORGOT to file his Goldman Sachs Million $ loan papers.Not believable
Ted Cruz was born in Canada and was a Canadian citizen until 15 months ago. Lawsuits have just been filed with more to follow. I told you so
More radical Islam attacks today - it never ends! Strengthen the borders, we must be vigilant and smart. No more being politically correct.
.@FrankLuntz is a total clown. Has zero credibility!  @FoxNews  @megynkelly
.@oreillyfactor please explain to the very dumb and failing @glennbeck that I supported John McCain big league in 2008, not Obama!
Just got back from Iowa - had a great time with amazing people. Will be back soon!
.@GeraldoRivera  Thank you Geraldo for your nice words on @oreillyfactor tonight. You are a true champion! Thank @ericbolling - great guy!
Jusr watched  #HarveyPitt on @TeamCavuto - he was great!
Top searched candidate by state, as seen in the #GOPDebate media filing center. WE WILL MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! https://t.co/nwKPRmWFNr
Sen. Lindsey Graham embarrassed himself with his failed run for President and now further embarrasses himself with endorsement of Bush.
Jeb Bush, who did poorly last night in the debate and whose chances of winning are zero, just got Graham endorsement. Graham quit at O.
WSJ/NBC Poll: Donald Trump Widens His Lead in Republican Presidential Race. #Trump2016 https://t.co/r2i8FHPjB4
Do you think Iran would have acted so tough if they were Russian sailors? Our country was humiliated.
.@TheBrodyFile: "Trump's appeal to evangelicals is real" #Trump2016 https://t.co/Xb04Quqj1M https://t.co/3xdEXZV5Ge
United States looks more and more like a paper tiger. Won't be that way if I win!
Iran humiliated the United States with the capture of our 10 sailors. Horrible pictures &amp; images. We are weak. I will NOT forget!
Stuart Stevens is a dumb guy who fails @ virtually everything he touches. Romney campaign,his book,etc. Why does @andersoncooper put him on?
Why does @CNN &amp; @andersoncooper waste airtime by putting failed campaign strategist, Stuart Stevens - who lost BIG for Romney - on the show?
.@EricTrump- unbelievable job on #FoxNews with @greta. That was better than I could do! #Trump2016
THANK YOU! #VoteTrump https://t.co/y7pnMqCs7j
THANK YOU, IOWA! Highly respected @OANN @GravisMarketing poll just released. #VoteTrump #IowaCaucus https://t.co/Ecs9XYXaXL
Thank you! #VoteTrumphttps://t.co/g7eeySMUdl
My nomination would increase voter turnout. #VoteTrump #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016https://t.co/6kjCaStCjG
Sadly, there is no way that Ted Cruz can continue running in the Republican Primary unless he can erase doubt on eligibility. Dems will sue!
Thank you for your support last night, Iowa! #VoteTrump #Trump2016 #IACaucus #FITN #IAPolitics https://t.co/xRvznATrU7
Iran toys with U.S. days before we pay them, ridiculously, billions of dollars. Don't release money. We want our hostages back NOW!
Numerous polls have me beating Hillary Clinton. In a race with her, voter turnout will be the highest in U.S. history-I get most new voters!
The State Of The Union speech was one of the most boring, rambling and non-substantive I have heard in a long time. New leadership fast!
Just found out that @tedcruz is spending a fortune on Iowa push polls negative to me. Not nice, but OK! New polls are great.
The #SOTU speech is really boring, slow, lethargic - very hard to watch!
The Iran deal is terrible. Why didn't we get the uranium stockpile - it was sent to Russia. #SOTU
New CBS poll. #Trump2016https://t.co/sFPRHHeLbd
Another new Iowa poll just released. Thank you! #IACaucus #FITN https://t.co/RGkrruqpM7
Such a serious problem for Ted &amp; the GOP. Great doubt, Dems will sue! Let's all work together to solve this problem. https://t.co/cNl6dmFb6q
On my way to Cedar Falls, Iowa, now. Will be great--I love the people of Iowa!
THANK YOU! #Trump2016 https://t.co/QmDcCKppEu
The Tonight Show begins in 5 minutes. Enjoy!
.@stuartpstevens horrible advise to Mitt Romney made victory an impossibility. Don't blame Mitt! Now Stevens can't get a job!
Fantastic job on @CNN  tonight. @kayleighmcenany is a winner! @donlemon
Don't forget to watch The Tonight Show with the wonderful @jimmyfallon at 11:30 P.M. You will not be disappointed!  @NBC
Face The Nation's interview of me was the highest rated show that they have had in 15 years. Congratulations and WOW!  @CBSNews @jdickerson
.@MajorCBS Major Garrett of @CBSNews covers me very inaccurately. Total agenda, bad reporter!
Thank you Michael Harrison @Talkersmagazine for your kind words - greatly appreciated!
Will be on @FallonTonight with @JimmyFallon on @NBC at 11:35pmE. Enjoy! #Trump2016 https://t.co/Z9zbKfXJqb
.@megynkelly recently said that she can’t be wooed by Trump. She is so average in every way, who the hell wants to woo her!
New Iowa poll. Thank you!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 https://t.co/19sshZ8dSu
.@RinglingBros is retiring their elephants-- the circus will never be the same.
Congratulations to @jdickerson of Face the Nation on his highest ratings in 15 years. 4.6 million people watched my interview! Thank you!
Just arrived in New Hampshire. Thank you to all of my supporters!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 https://t.co/KSguIhkIwa
So professional of @ABC news to throw out the failing @UnionLeader newspaper from their debate. Paper won't survive, highly unethical!
Great job on Fox this morning @KatiePavlich. I am sending out for your book immediately. Thank you very much!
Congratulations to my friend @TheSlyStallone on winning a #GoldenGlobe. A wonderful guy- who has created something special- well deserved!
Why does @ThisWeekABC w/ @GStephanopoulos allow a hater &amp; racist like @tavissmiley to waste good airtime? @ABC can do much better than him!
Thank you to our law enforcement officers! #LESM #Trump2016 https://t.co/sfuuVrx33E
Union Leader refuses to comment as to why they were kicked out of the ABC News debate like a dog. For starters, try getting a new publisher!
UL has lost all credibility under Joe McQuaid w circulation dropping to record lows. They aren't worthy of representing the great people NH.
This is really unfair and a conflict for all the other candidates. I said it should not be allowed and ABC agreed.
If their highly unethical behavior, including begging me for ads, isn’t questionable enough, they have endorsed a candidate who can’t win.
I am pleased to announce that I had the Union Leader removed from the upcoming debate. https://t.co/DL8hDPzHoi
Remember, get TIME magazine! I am on the cover. Take it out in 4 years and read it again! Just watch...
Heading now for Reno, Nevada, for a big rally. Good poll numberd all over!
In the just out @FoxNews Poll, I easily beat Hillary Clinton - and I havn't even focused on her yet. On our way: MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Yesterday in Iowa was amazing - two speeches in front of two great sold out crowds. They love that I am the only candidate self-funding!
I want to thank the people of Iowa for an unbelievable day. The crowds were amazing. Will be back Tuesday!
Will be on Meet the Press with @ChuckTodd tomorrow morning. Enjoy!
I will be interviewed by Chris Wallace on Fox tomorrow morning. Tune in!
I'm protesting the @UnionLeader from having anything to do w/ ABC debate. Their unethical record doesn't give them the right to be involved!
(2/2) David brilliantly tells it like it is -- the real deal! Read it! https://t.co/9n5CCrefKn
(1/2) Time Magazine has me on the cover this week. David Von Drehle has written one of the best stories I have ever had.
Thank you so much. Earnest must have been a great person. https://t.co/2DZp7YOadj https://t.co/2YtLlEwceB
.@JonahNRO, watched on @seanhannity and appreciate your statements --- I have been waiting for them for a long time. Thank you.
Thank you, @TheFix- Chris Cillizza. It is a true person of character that can change his opinion &amp; do what is right. https://t.co/0VxlT9iEbr
Constitutional law expert  #Laurence Tribe of Harvard says "wrong to say it (natural born citizen) is a settled matter-it isn't settled).
South Carolina rally last night was so unbelievably exciting (and fun). I am now off to Iowa for two big rallies - packed houses. Love it!
Pat Buchanan gave a fantastic interview this morning on @CNN - way to go Pat, way ahead of your time!
Great even in SC tonight! Fire Marshall would not let everyone in-- 5,000 turned away. Thank you for coming!
Will be at venue, in wonderful South Carolina, very soon. Big traffic back-up, tremendous crowd! Will be wild.
#FoxNews Poll - THANK YOU!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 https://t.co/dKuyzLRTZ3
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 https://t.co/3HmclWL9GT
Love seeing union &amp; non-union members alike are defecting to Trump. I will create jobs like no one else. Their #Dem leaders can’t compete!
I hope all workers demand that their @Teamsters reps endorse Donald J. Trump. Nobody knows jobs like I do! Don’t let them sell you out!
On my way to South Carolina. Big Crowd--- look forward to it!
Not good news for Jeb Bush  https://t.co/5CrP5zdXsz
Hank Greenberg, formerly of AIG, gave $10 million to the @JebBush campaign 3 months ago. He is not happy, a total waste of money!
Great time in Burlington, Vermont. Crowd was amazing.
We could only get a small fraction of this 25k crowd in. The movement to Make America Great Again is unbelievable! https://t.co/NHPdGm57YJ
I'm leaving now for Burlington, Vermont. It will be wild!
Joy Behar, who was fired from her last show for lack of ratings, is even worse on @TheView. We love Barbara!
The @TheView @ABC, once great when headed by @BarbaraJWalters, is now in total freefall. Whoopi Goldberg is terrible. Very sad!
Hillary and her friends! https://t.co/q45tTapqMI
Weak &amp; ineffective @JebBush is doing ads where he shows his statement in the debate but not my response. False advertising!
I have an idea for @JebBush whose campaign is a disaster. Try using your last name and don't be ashamed of it!
.@SenTedCruz Ted--free legal advice on how to pre-empt the Dems on citizen issue. Go to court now &amp; seek Declaratory Judgment--you will win!
Massive crowd in VT tonight. Venue not big enough. Officials say NO to outside event and sound system. Arrive early!
Man shot inside Paris police station. Just announced that terror threat is at highest level. Germany is a total mess-big crime. GET SMART!
I will be in beautiful Burlington, Vermont, tonight for a rally. Will be great fun. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
It was a very wise move that Ted Cruz renounced his Canadian citizenship 18 months ago. Senator John McCain is certainly no friend of Ted!
.@Macys was one of the worst performing stocks on the S&amp;P last year, plunging 46%. Very disloyal company. Another win for Trump! Boycott.
The failing @UnionLeader newspaper in N.H. just sent The Trump Organization a letter asking that we take ads. How stupid, how desperate!
Do you believe that @UnionLeader in NH was demanding ads? Look at enclosed letter from them, just received: https://t.co/NucdHBZAH9
I will be on @wolfblitzer for a @CNNSitRoom interview today. Please join us 5PM ET.
Huge crowd expected tomorrow night! VT Police say first come, first serve. Arrive early!
Don’t like @SamuelLJackson’s golf swing.  Not athletic. I’ve won many club championships. Play him for charity!
I don’t cheat at golf but @SamuelLJackson cheats—with his game he has no choice—and stop doing commercials!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY to my son, @EricTrump! Very proud of you!https://t.co/ZHMKIqnUwL https://t.co/IJzW2NDJyA
Germany is going through massive attacks to its people  by the migrants allowed to enter the country. New Years Eve was a disaster. THINK!
I am in New Hampshire. Just received great news from Reuters poll. Thank you for your support! https://t.co/yzp9dGfbce
I don’t know @SamuelLJackson, to best of my knowledge haven't played golf w/him &amp; think he does too many TV commercials—boring. Not a fan.
Wow @UnionLeader circulation in NH has dropped from 75,000 to around 10—bad management. No wonder they begged me for ads.
The rally in Lowell, Massachusetts, was amazing. 10,000 people going wild. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Woody Johnson, owner of the NYJets, is @JebBush’s finance chairman. If Woody would’ve been w/me, he would’ve been in the playoffs, at least!
I look forward to being in Lowell, Massachusetts, today. I hear a very big crowd is expected--we will have lots of fun!
By the way, Hillary &amp; the MSM forgot to mention that Hillary is in the Al-Shabaab terror video. https://t.co/gRannsRXJr
The worst thing Hillary could do is have her husband campaign for her. Just watch.
Iran, with all of the money and all else given to them by Obama, has wanted a way to take over Saudi Arabia &amp; their oil. THEY JUST FOUND IT!
.@RuthMarcus of the @washingtonpost was terrible today on Face The Nation.No focus, poor level of concentration-but correct on Hillary lying
.@chucktodd said today on @meetthepress that "attacking Bill to get to Hillary has never worked before." Wrong - attacked him in '08 &amp; won!
Does anybody remember when Bill Clinton, in 2008, worked long and hard for Hillary? She LOST! Now Bill is at it again. Just watch.
Thank you for your support in Biloxi, MS! Let's ALL get out &amp; VOTE in 2016, so we can #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! https://t.co/RSZF12Kyhn
Hillary said that guns don't keep you safe. If she really believes that she should demand that her heavily armed bodyguards quickly disarm!
Al-Shabbab, not ISIS, just made a video on me - they all will as front-runner &amp; if I speak out against them, which I must. Hillary lied!
Hillary Clinton lied last week when she said ISIS made a D.T. video. The video that ISIS made was about her husband being a degenerate.
Just returned from Mississippi - a great evening.
Thank you #Biloxi, #Mississippi! Remember this night &amp; spread the word to get out &amp; #VoteTrump2016! https://t.co/hfYdkY5DKq
Just arrived in Mississippi for the rally. Word is that the crowd is overflowing and massive. Will be an amazing evening!
Heading to Biloxi, Mississippi. Massive crowds expected. Thank you for your support! #VoteTrump2016 https://t.co/1VMngEMLzT
Remember, I am self-funding my campaign, the only one in either party. I'm not controlled by lobbyists or special interests-only the U.S.A.!
When I look at all of the money the special interests and lobbyists are giving to candidates, beware - the candidates are mere puppets $$$$!
I hope Bill Clinton starts talking about women's issues so that voters can see what a hypocrite he is and how Hillary abused those women!
Hillary Clinton doesn't have the strength or stamina to be president. Jeb Bush is a low energy individual, but Hillary is not much better!
Hillary Clinton said that it is O.K. to ban Muslims from Israel by building a WALL, but not O.K. to do so in the U.S. We must be vigilant!
.@JebBush is a low energy "stiff" who should focus his special interest money on the many people ahead of him in the polls. Has no chance!
.@JebBush is a sad case. A total embarrassment to both himself and his family, he just announced he will continue to spend on Trump hit ads!
Massive crowds expected in Mississippi tomorrow night. Look forward to it! 2015 IN PHOTOS: https://t.co/29z0XuXVf0 https://t.co/utrl0UnQau
#VoteTrump2016 &amp; together we will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! THANK YOU for your support! https://t.co/bziqUSHnbi
Thank you so much to https://t.co/8OMryrUVET for naming me the 2015 Man of the Year. This is indeed a great honor for me!
The person that Hillary Clinton least wants to run against is, by far, me. It will be the largest voter turnout ever - she will be swamped!
I will be going to Mississippi tomorrow night - hear the crowds are going to be massive! Look forward to it.
Well, the year has officially begun. I have many stops planned and will be working very hard to win so that we can turn our country around!
Happy New Year from #MarALago! Thank you to my great family for all of their support. https://t.co/6UsqSiaaj7
#HappyNewYearAmerica! https://t.co/EeQb8PDrUe
HAPPY NEW YEAR &amp; THANK YOU! https://t.co/YO1Yi8QbZy https://t.co/uxUXWJ1Rbv
I will be on @FoxNews live,  with members of my family, at 11:50 P.M. We will ring in the New Year together! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I would like to wish everyone A HAPPY AND HEALTHY NEW YEAR. WE MUST ALL WORK TOGETHER TO, FINALLY, MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN AND GREAT AGAIN!
Do you believe that The State Department, on NEW YEAR'S EVE, just released more of Hillary's e-mails. They just want it all to end. BAD!
THANK YOU ILLINOIS! Let's not forget to get family &amp; friends- out to VOTE IN 2016! https://t.co/lg5kMbNLYK https://t.co/dtMAsIq4cf
HAPPY BIRTHDAY to my son, @DonaldJTrumpJr! Very proud of you! #TBT https://t.co/ULerCEOCGX https://t.co/nbxPVdarJM
I would feel sorry for @JebBush and how badly he is doing with his campaign other than for the fact he took millions of $'s of hit ads on me
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 https://t.co/IEIXos0wh9
People ask, "why do you tweet and re-tweet to millions about @JebBush when he is so low in the polls?" Because of his big $ hit ads on me!
.@JebBush has spent  $63,000,000 and is at the bottom of the polls. I have spent almost nothing and am at the top. WIN!  @hughhewitt
A GREAT day in South Carolina. Record crowd and fantastic enthusiasm. This is now a movement to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I predict that dying @UnionLeader newspaper, which has been run into the ground by publisher "Stinky" Joe McQuaid, will be dead in 2 years!
A lovely letter from the daughter of the late great John Wayne. Our country could use a John Wayne right now. https://t.co/RhN5gVNBqM
Great poll- thank you Nevada!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 https://t.co/9Lr1v6vjJb
I'm going to be live with @ericbolling and @kimguilfoyle to ring in the New Year 2016. Everybody should tune in to @foxnews tomorrow night!
Thank you Hilton Head, South Carolina! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 https://t.co/TBAD5MeYCE
Thank you Hilton Head, South Carolina! @SCTeamTrump #Trump2016 https://t.co/RLCz17tIas https://t.co/L5IAlbsdkw
I never thought I'd be saying this but I've really enjoyed  @RichLowry on television lately, and he was terrific hosting @seanhannity
Joe McQuaid (@deucecrew) is desperately trying to sell the @UnionLeader. It's a loser, and my comments haven't helped him much.
The dying @UnionLeader newspaper in NH is in turmoil over my comments about them- like a bully that got knocked out!
Iowa was fantastic last night, amazing crowd and people. I'm now in Florida, getting ready to go to South Carolina. Big crowd, very exciting
.@CharlesHurt   You were great on @seanhannity last night. Thanks for the nice words. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
THANK YOU Council Bluffs, Iowa! The silent majority, is silent no more!#Trump2016 #FITN https://t.co/VTAe68eQ1k https://t.co/IPsJPVH5JP
Joe McQuaid (@deucecrew) of the dying Union Leader wanted ads, lunches, donations, speeches from me, and tweets---very unethical.
The great people of New Hampshire, who I love, are not properly served by the dying Union Leader newspaper.
Shows how dumb Joe McQuaid (@deucecrew) of the dying Union Leader is to put out the letter I wrote saying why I didn't do his failed debate!
I hope @TGowdySC does better for Rubio than he did at the #Benghazi hearings, which were a total disaster for Republicans &amp; America!
We need a real President! https://t.co/nw7BIAW7HV
Looking forward to being in Council Bluffs, Iowa, later today. Despite weather, rally is on -- will be fantastic! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
So, I have spent almost nothing on my run for president and am in 1st place. Jeb Bush has spent $59 million &amp; done. Run country my way!
My campaign for president is $35,000,000 under budget, I have spent very little (and am in 1st place).Now I will spend big in Iowa/N.H./S.C.
"Minorities line up behind.....Donald Trump" #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain https://t.co/cEMKihLZbK https://t.co/SxuutW2onm
.@jessebwatters is terrific at hosting on @FoxNews - he really gets it!
Remember that Bill Clinton was brought in to help Hillary against Obama in 2008. He was terrible, failed badly, and was called a racist!
Thank you- Nashua, New Hampshire! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 #NHPolitics #FITN https://t.co/QPj5gb3wib https://t.co/I1lMmcYk3l
Thank you! #Trump2016 https://t.co/dTL7uybyeH https://t.co/yhQUQiuswl
Thank you to a #Trump2016 supporter for this video of my campaign- over the past 6 months. Video: https://t.co/yawywElMwa
Strange, but I see wacko Bernie Sanders allies coming over to me because I'm lowering taxes, while he will double &amp; triple them, a disaster!
Wages in are country are too low, good jobs are too few,  and people have lost faith in our leaders.We need smart and strong leadership now!
Many of the great jobs that the people of our country want are long gone, shipped to other countries. We now are part time, sad! I WILL FIX!
The middle-class has worked so hard, are not getting the kind of jobs that they have long dreamed of - and no  effective raise in years. BAD
If Hillary thinks she can unleash her husband, with his terrible record of women abuse, while playing the women's card on me, she's wrong!
Hopefully the Republican National Committee can straighten out the total mess that is taking place in Virginia's Republican Party. FAST!
Straighten out The Republican Party of Virginia before it is too late. Stupid!  RNC
.@BernieSanders-who blew his campaign when he gave Hillary a pass on her e-mail crime, said that I feel wages in America are too high. Lie!
The voters the Republican Party of Virginia are excluding will doom any chance of victory. The Dems LOVE IT! Be smart and win for a change!
R.P.Virginia has lost statewide 7 times in a row. Will now not allow desperately needed new voters. Suicidal mistake. RNC MUST ACT NOW!
It begins, Republican Party of Virginia, controlled by the RNC, is working hard to disallow independent, unaffiliated and new voters. BAD!
I will do far more for women than Hillary, and I will keep our country safe, something which she will not be able to do-no strength/stamina!
Thank you! #Trump2016https://t.co/CE9f0mukFm https://t.co/XNV9Bg2ccY
Hillary Clinton has announced that she is letting her husband out to campaign but HE'S DEMONSTRATED A PENCHANT FOR SEXISM, so inappropriate!
A new terror warning was issued for European cties. At what point do we say we have had enough and get really tough and smart. Weak leaders!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 Story: https://t.co/PBOKbGIaVB https://t.co/wm9Y7E9RzB
Criminal deportations in the U.S. are the lowest number in many years. We are letting criminals knowingly stay in our country. MUST CHANGE!
The Phoenix V.A., it has just been reported, is in worse shape than ever before. The wait is horrendous, and people are dying. I will fix it
The same people that said I wouldn't run, or that I wouldn't lead or do well (1st place and leading by 21%), now say I won't beat Hillary.
.@chucktodd is so dishonest in his reporting...and to think he was going off the air until I came along-no ratings. I will beat Hillary!
@CNN just announced that TRUMP was #1 story of 2015. Totally meaningless, however, if we don't WIN IT ALL and Make America Great Again!
When will the Democrats, and Hillary in particular, say "we must build a wall, a great wall, and Mexico is going to pay for it?" Never!
Our great VETERANS are being treated very badly because of corruption and incompetence at the V.A. That will stop, I will fix this quickly!
Remember when failed candidate @JebBush said that illegals came across the border as AN ACT OF LOVE? He's spent $59 million and is at 3%.
We have many problems in our house (country!), and we need to fix them before we let visitors come over and stay. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Does everyone see that the Democrats and President Obama are now, because of me, starting to deport people who are here illegally. Politics!
.@deedeesorvino was GREAT today on @FoxNews  She gets what is going on in politics, and sees it very clearly. Have her on more!
Merry Christmas to all. Have a great day and have a really amazing year. Together, we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! It will be done!
.@danielhalper  Great job on @CNN today. Very wise indeed!
.@HallieJackson Why didn't you report Hillary lying about the ISIS video. Bad reporting. Perhaps @NBC will do better next year-but doubt it!
I am now in Palm Beach, Florida, and will be going to church tonight. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
.@meetthepress and @chucktodd very dishonest in not showing the new @CNN Poll where I am at 39%, 21points higher than Cruz. Be honest Chuck!
Why isn't @chucktodd using the much newer @CNN Poll when discussing how well I am doing instead of the older Q Poll? CNN even better!
Wow, because of the pressure put on by me, ICE TO LAUNCH LARGE SCALE DEPORTATION RAIDS. It's about time!
Next year will be an interesting one. I look forward to running against Hillary Clinton, a totally flawed candidate, and beating her soundly
Third rate reporters Amy Chozick and Maggie Haberman of the failing @nytimes are totally in the Hillary circle of bias. Think about Bill!
Wow, even lowly Rand Paul has just past @JebBush in the new @CNN Poll. Jeb is at 3%, I'm at 39%. Stop throwing your money down the drain!
In the ridiculous @JebBush ad about me, Jeb is speaking to me during the debate, but doesn't allow my answer, which destroys him - SO SAD!
Poor @JebBush spent $50 million on his campaign, I spent almost nothing. He's bottom (and gone), I'm top (by a lot). That's what U.S. needs!
A great Christmas movie &amp; perfect #TBT! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Story: https://t.co/qUpZphfhV3 https://t.co/PSeVbWUJIV
Hillary said "I really deplore the tone and inflammatory rhetoric of his campaign." I deplore the death and destruction she caused-stupidity
Merry Christmas &amp; Happy Holidays!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016https://t.co/XIVw5LdTqv https://t.co/Sqim2YyoCH
Hillary, when you complain about "a penchant for sexism," who are you referring to. I have great respect for women. BE CAREFUL!
It is hard to believe I am winning by so much when I am treated so badly by the media.  New @CNN Poll amazing in ALL categories. 21 pt. Lead
Why does @FoxNews give @KarlRove so much airtime. He (and other Fox pundits) is so biased. Still thinks Romney won. Unfair coverage of Trump
.@FoxNews treats me so badly. Using old Quinnipiac Poll where I have a much smaller lead than the just out @CNN Poll. All negative!
The @washingtonpost, which is the lobbyist (power) for not imposing taxes on #Amazon, today did a nasty cartoon attacking @tedcruz kids. Bad
The silent majority- is silent no more! Remember the importance of VOTING!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 https://t.co/wBdSg5ab25
The Hillary Clinton staged event yesterday was pathetic. Be careful Hillary as you play the war on women or women being degraded card.
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 https://t.co/e9dEs4HuwQ
Thank you America! Together- we will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! https://t.co/MWMFn4asWH
Big news just out - NEW @CNN POLL  TRUMP  39 and leads in every major category. Likeability way up. CRUZ 18  CARSON 10  RUBIO 10
We need a PRESIDENT with strength, stamina, heart and incredible deal making skill if our country is ever going to be able to prosper again!
It is a shame that the biased media is able to so incorrectly define a word for the public when they know that the definition is wrong. Sad!
When I said that Hillary Clinton got schlonged by Obama, it meant got beaten badly. The media knows this. Often used word in politics!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 https://t.co/TUDwrg6RsD
Wow, new Reuters Poll just out. Big lead if you want to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!  TRUMP 37  CRUZ 11 This is at the top of Drudge!
For those on TV defending my use of the word "schlonged," bc #MSM is giving it false meaning-tell them it means beaten badly. Dishonest #MSM
NPR's @NealConan said "schlonged" to WaPo re: 1984 Mondale/Ferraro campaign: "That ticket went on to get schlonged at the polls." #Hypocrisy
Once again, #MSM is dishonest. "Schlonged" is not vulgar. When I said Hillary got "schlonged" that meant beaten badly.
Jeb's big ad buy against me, paid for by lobbyists, shows my face but doesn't have me answering Jeb's statements. He is really pathetic!
Watching @CNN and consider @secupp to be one of the least talented people on television. Boring and biased!
Women defy media narrative, love Trump at packed Michigan rally.VIDEO: https://t.co/yreUny7shA https://t.co/dE9odwIRQi
.@JebBush's opening and closing in the debate were said by all to be terrible--fumbled around, incoherent.
Why doesn't @JebBush, in his ads, show my answer to his statement in the debate?
Will @JebBush, in his phony advertising campaign, show himself asking me to apologize to his wife in the debate?
.@JebBush just took millions of $'s in special interest money to look like a tough guy. Will never work!
Weak and low energy @JebBush, whose campaign is a disaster, is now doing ads against me where he tries to look like a tough guy.
Video from Michigan last night. After asking for months, the media panned their cameras! https://t.co/jXwS0y08L7 https://t.co/ikjkpmOAeu
THANK YOU America! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 https://t.co/x0QaqjjMj0
Thank you - Michigan!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 https://t.co/5GilNQKyzJ
Thank you - New Hampshire!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016https://t.co/VlGF418r2x https://t.co/zZleg3vnJN
THANK YOU Grand Rapids, Michigan! Time to end political correctness &amp; secure our homeland! https://t.co/cyRCfwxJg3 https://t.co/PPrriLTFgA
@HerschelWalker, thanks for your support- it is very much appreciated!
Getting ready to leave for Michigan - will be an amazing evening! See you there.
Do you think that Hillary Clinton will apologize to me for the lie she told about "the video" of me being used by ISIS. There is no video.
Thanks @AndreaTantaros for all of your kind words and thoughts. Big progress is being made. Keep up the great work!
A suicide bomber has just killed U.S. troops in Afghanistan. When will our leaders get tough and smart. We are being led to slaughter!
It's the Democrats' total weakness &amp; incompetence that gave rise to ISIS --  not a tape of Donald Trump that was an admitted Hillary lie!
Phyllis Schlafly: Trump is 'last hope for America' https://t.co/jCxqfVCGB6 https://t.co/sk713ir5NQ
Getting ready to go to the great State of Michigan. Big crowd tonight. Make America Great Again!
Just out: TRUMP GOP DEBATE - 18,000,000. CLINTON DEMOCRAT DEBATE - 6,700,000. And they were on major network vs. cable!
Hillary said with respect to ISIS, "we are finally where we need to be." Do we want 4  more years of incompetent leadership?  MAGA!
I demand an apology from Hillary Clinton for the disgusting story she made up about me for purposes of the debate. There never was a video.
Hillary said at debate ISIS is "going to people showing videos in order to recruit more radical jihadistst." She made up story-want apology!
Very sad what happened last night at the Miss Universe Pageant. I sold it 6 months ago for a record price. This would never have happened!
.@JebBush today said he didn't want to be the front-runner, he would rather be where he is now, 2%. That is the talk of a loser, can't win!
Great poll out of Illinois! Thank you!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 https://t.co/Fd48umfyCw
.@MissUniverse final 3 on now. Great people, great new owner @IMG. WATCH.
My friend, @AriEmanuel of @IMG, bought the Miss Universe pageants from me and they are on tonight on #Fox! Tune in!
It was really strange when Hillary was missing from the podium last night. Not very presidential!
Hillary Clinton spokesperson admitted that their was no ISIS video of me. Therefore, Hillary LIED at the debate last night. SAD!
.@JebBush was terrible on Face The Nation today. Being at 2% and falling seems to have totally affected his confidence. A basket case!
We need a #POTUS with great strength &amp; stamina. Hillary does not have that.#Trump2016 https://t.co/n2C6bAdYNa https://t.co/cUy3VaDAGo
Hillary Clinton lied when she said that "ISIS is using video of Donald Trump as a recruiting tool." This was fact checked by @FoxNews: FALSE
.@GStephanopoulos stupidly believes that Hillary wants to run against me because she said so. She says that so people believe it - opposite!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 https://t.co/7FkgBAqF4A
Thank you America! @FoxNews post-debate poll with +/- from previous poll. #VoteTrump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain https://t.co/KorKlSr01P
Thank you Cedar Rapids, Iowa!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain https://t.co/0llSs8U77Q https://t.co/dlpd0EkR45
President Obama spends so much time speaking of the so-called Carbon footprint, and yet he flies all the way to Hawaii on a massive old 747.
See, Sanders backed Hillary on E-mails at the debate, hurting himself, and then she threw him under the bus (but failed). Disloyal person!
Another new post-debate poll. THANK YOU! #VoteTrump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain https://t.co/Pa9PCuPbyr
Thank you for all of your support! Most importantly - we need to get everyone out to VOTE! #VoteTrump2016 https://t.co/ezCsk3cWaJ
The last thing our country needs is another BUSH! Dumb as a rock!
.@JebBush has embarrassed himself &amp; his family with his incompetent campaign for President. He should remain true to himself.
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016https://t.co/PUGaxGCASM https://t.co/1O67oFDofU
Weak &amp; ineffective @JebBush is doing ads where he shows his statement in the debate but not my response. False advertising!
I have an idea for @JebBush whose campaign is a disaster. Try using your last name &amp; don’t be ashamed of it!
.@MelindaDC  Don’t misrepresent in order to make a point. I was always tough on ISIS--as you’ll find out after I get elected.
As I have been saying. Only the beginning: "ISIS Suspects Arrested in Turkey, 150 European Passports Seized." https://t.co/55NWoy7OHG
New Reuters poll - thank you!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 https://t.co/zOe0gDe0AJ
#ISIS is making $400M/year on oil. I have been saying it for years. We need to bomb the oil! https://t.co/vObIAhilWs https://t.co/teKBaKdXzK
There is no question who will handle the threat of terrorism best as #POTUS. #Trump2016 https://t.co/frS7alctbB https://t.co/0P4qSnAltb
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain I will be in Cedar Rapids,IA this Saturday. Get your tickets-https://t.co/QcqOsG3jqo
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 https://t.co/uJu4zrzXL8
Thank you! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain https://t.co/xkki2M6ht1
Will be on @jimmykimmel in 20 minutes on @ABC. #Kimmel #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
.@GlennBeck got fired like a dog by #Fox. The Blaze is failing and he wanted to have me on his show. I said no - because he is irrelevant.
I will be doing @oreillyfactor tonight at 8:00pmE from Mesa, Arizona - will be talking about the #GOPDebate &amp; more. https://t.co/Z3fVfHCKIo
Will be on @jimmykimmel tonight at 11:35pmE on @ABC. #Kimmel #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Clear winner of the #GOPDebate. Thank you for your support! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 https://t.co/dl6IuSHwtK
Hillary Clinton is weak and ineffective - no strength, no stamina.
Jeb Bush had a tough night at the debate. Now he'll probably take some of his special interest money, he is their puppet, and buy ad's.
Thank you for the nice words @ktmcfarland. The debate was interesting, and fun. Keep up the great work!
Will be interviewed on the @oreillyfactor tonight at 8:00 P.M. Will be talking about the debate, and more!
Bill O'Reilly calls Trump and  campaign brilliant. In first place by 27 points.
.@MarkHalperin works so hard but just doesn't have a natural instinct for politics. Others do, and those are the people you want to follow!
Thank you @davidaxelrod for your nice words this morning on @CNN. It was a good night!
Thank you, so many people have given me credit for winning the debate last night. All polls agree. It was fun and interesting!
Thank you, @FrankLuntz - for saying I was a winner tonight. It is my great honor. #Trump2016
We're not talking about religion; we're talking about security. #GOPDebatehttps://t.co/OhI1qXEOzC
#GOPDebate #Trump2016https://t.co/czHzN0QkQN
Departing for #GOPDebate. Let's #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! https://t.co/nMNilyuL2F https://t.co/Bwyu1U3rHU
Highly respected PUBLIC POLICY POLLING (PPP) just announced that I am number one in IOWA. Thank you!
New PPP poll just released in Iowa- up 6 points from last poll. Leading w/ 28%! Don't worry - media won't report it! https://t.co/yjWiLBGUpm
.@ConradMBlack, what an honor to read your piece. As one of the truly great intellects &amp; my friend, I won't forget! https://t.co/3FGB0NyfaO
#TheRemembranceProjecthttps://t.co/zMW0mkkFEg https://t.co/XHIweo9LWG
. #JoeTheismann was great as a political analyst on @FoxNews. He knows far more than football. Thanks for the nice words Joe!
I won every debate so far according to all debate polls including @DRUDGE_REPORT, @TIME @Slate and more. Too bad dopey @megynkelly lies!
Between Iraq war monger @krauthammer, dummy @KarlRove, deadpan @GeorgezWill, highly overrated @megynkelly, among others, @FoxNews not fair!
I am in Trump International Hotel, Las Vegas, getting ready and waiting for the debate tonight. Look forward -   hope I get treated fairly!
I wonder if @megynkelly and her flunkies have written their scripts yet about my debate performance tonight. No matter how well I do - bad!
.@megynkelly is very bad at math. She was totally unable to figure out the difference between me and Cruz in the new Monmouth Poll 41to14.
.@megynkelly, the most overrated anchor at @FoxNews, worked hard to explain away the new Monmouth poll 41 to 14 or 27 pt lead. She said 15!
Why isn't anyone using the @CNN Iowa Poll with me having a big lead. They only want to use the one negative poll (2nd place).Dishonest press
Isn't it amazing that @CNN paid a fortune for an Iowa Poll, which shows me in first place over Cruz by 13%, 33% to 20% - then doesn't use it
Wow, I just had two very good Iowa polls and a phenomenal just out National Poll from @ABC @washingtonpost - 38%.  MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Thank you for your support! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016https://t.co/yohiKUsL3V
What an evening in Las Vegas, Nevada! THANK YOU for your continued support. #Trump2016 https://t.co/uUwRk7RuGK https://t.co/J0qJaIg35u
@oreillyfactor, horrible defense of me against highly overrated @krauthammer. I will bring more people into the party &amp; easily beat Hillary!
Why doesn't @CNN use the #CNN Iowa poll? @andersoncooper @andydean2014
Thank you @CarlHigbie. Great work on @CNN. #Trump2016
Thank you @hardball_chris for your nice words. They are very much appreciated. I fully understand that you really get it.
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016https://t.co/yjAIiFuVWm https://t.co/dfH0ABwZk0
Can't believe Major League Baseball just rejected @PeteRose_14 for the Hall of Fame. He's paid the price. So ridiculous - let him in!
.@scottienhughes - you were fantastic on CNN. Thank you for the nice words. See you at the #GOPDebate.
.@PatrickBuchanan was great on @TeamCavuto @FoxNews. Thank you Pat! #Tump2016
Thank you @WayneAllynRoot.Very nice! #Trump2016 https://t.co/cgdLz26mdA
Another great accolade for @TrumpGolf. Highly respected Golf Odyssey- awarded @TrumpDoral Blue Monster with best redesign. Thank you!
Record of Health: https://t.co/ZDDDawwYVl#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016https://t.co/vqrkZwc2ae https://t.co/vz73TaAjjc
EXCLUSIVE: Newt Gingrich: ‘The Country Is in Rebellion,’ Trump Can ‘Kick Down the Doors’ https://t.co/UwTKKhhO3C
Why doesn't @FoxNews quote the new Iowa @CNN Poll where I have a 33% to 20% lead over Ted Cruz and all others. Think about it!
People have got to stop working to be so politically correct and focus all of their energy on finding solutions to very complex problems!
I was disappointed that Ted Cruz would speak behind my back, get caught, and then deny it. Well, welcome to the wonderful world of politics!
I did interview with Chris Wallace of @FoxNews in order to be fair. He then puts on Rove, Lane and Will, three Trump bashers, to discuss.
Many think that the Championship Course at Turnberry, home of The Duel In The Sun, will be the worlds best after the renovation.
A very good NBC/Wall Street Journal Poll was just released wherein I went up from last month and am in the lead. Nice!
.@danawhite  Great job last night - very exciting! You have come a long way from those difficult early days, I am proud of you.
People that have read it tell me that @KarlRove book is terrible (and boring). Save your money! @FoxNews should can him, no credibility!
Chris Wallace @fox at 10:00 A.M.
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016https://t.co/UB7Fx7A835 https://t.co/iWcW5kfI9i
.@CNN @jaketapper at 9:00 A.M.
.@Peggynoonannyc An election between Hillary and myself will be the biggest voter turnout in U.S. history. Just like the debates 24 M vs 2M.
.@Peggynoonannyc Interesting article, but I will beat Hillary easily. People that have given up on the system will come out to vote for me!
Something must be done with dopey @KarlRove - he is pushing Republicans down the same old path of defeat. Don't fall for it, Karl is a loser
I will be interviewed on @jaketapper @CNN at 9:00 A.M. and Fox News Sunday with Chris Wallace at 10:O0  A.M. CNN Iowa Poll -13 point lead!
I will be on CNN's - State of the Union tomorrow morning at 9amE. https://t.co/VgxjEVFGJK https://t.co/svQQhAHBow
New CNN Iowa poll --- Trump 33, Cruz 20. Everyone else way down! Don't trust Des Moines Register poll- biased towards Trump!
Thank you General. #Trump2016 https://t.co/FCrYNoqYTb
A great afternoon. Thank you South Carolina! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 https://t.co/iOnhK3l3xU https://t.co/EtpzrfChMZ
Reports say #ISIS now has a passport machine to have its believers infiltrate our country. I told you so. https://t.co/LRPDW10zwl
John Podesta says nominee will be Cruz b/c last person Hillary wants to face is Trump! Use your head folks! 46-41! https://t.co/K2XzwZygYk
Getting the support of @DanaWhite of UFC means a lot. A total winner, who has done an amazing job. Just ordered his fight to watch tonight!
.@Franklin_Graham, so many people have tweeted about your amazing words to me, thank you! Heading to big crowd in South Carolina!
Thank you! #Trump2016https://t.co/0DA5isXMRz https://t.co/ENjJkTEQIJ
I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 8:00 A.M. So much to talk about!
.@loudobbsnews did a fantastic interview with syndicated columnist Michelle Malkin. Congrats to both!
Just got back from Iowa, great people!
I had a great time in Des Moines, Iowa tonight! Thank you for all of the support. #Trump2016 https://t.co/2Xzs2aSqII https://t.co/2HdnA6snnz
.@MonicaCrowley you were great with @SeanHannity on @FoxNews tonight.  Thank you for your kind words. We will keep Americans safe.
Dopey Prince @Alwaleed_Talal wants to control our U.S. politicians with daddy’s money. Can’t do it when I get elected. #Trump2016
Thank you @SeanHannity &amp; @BoDiet! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Thank you! We are at 35% in new Reuters poll with #2 coming in at 12%. Time to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!#Trump2016 https://t.co/0l00OVCo5b
I will not let you down! #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain https://t.co/3bbHsaGSUm https://t.co/IKXGxoi0lA
Tom Ridge is a failed 'Bushy' &amp; PA Governor. Him &amp; his friend @KarlRove shouldn't be allowed to do their bias commentary- nobody listens!
Tom Ridge should be focused on trying to bring the party together rather than ripping it apart w/ your faulty thought process. I will win!
Never get good #'s from failing Des Moines Register/Bloomberg. I think something's going on w/them. Up 13 in IA according to respected CNN.
Great news in Georgia!  The just out  Landmark poll shows me in first with 43%! Wow. https://t.co/mG6uZQxBWG https://t.co/UZ03GJDvOV
Our spectacular ballroom under construction at the great Turnberry resort in Scotland. https://t.co/QmXD8kHFhS
.@chucktodd is a nice guy , but just hopeless. He knows so little about politics and, in particular, winning!  I fixed his rating problem.
.@Morning_Joe just went off the rails. I will beat Hillary easily - she does not want to run against me. I am tuning them out, waste of time
.@tedcruz should not make statements behind closed doors to his bosses, he should bring them out into the open - more fun that way!
Looks like @tedcruz is getting ready to attack. I am leading by so much he must. I hope so, he will fall like all others. Will be easy!
.@Morning_Joe is so off on Iowa, which I am leading big in new @CNN poll. I will win Iowa. Also, I beat Hillary easily!
Great evening last night in  New Hampshire. Got the endorsement from the New England Police Union - big  territory, great people! Thank you.
.@BernardGoldberg was not good tonight on @oreillyfactor. He just doesn't know about winning! But he is a nice guy.
Respected Morning Consult poll just out. I lead all Republicans and beat Hillary head to head by a wide margin- 45 to 40!
In Britain, more Muslims join ISIS than join the British army.https://t.co/LQVNz7b2Eb
Thank you to @Franklin_Graham. I have always appreciated your courage, but now more so than ever!
An honor to be endorsed by the New England Police Benevolent Association. Thank you! https://t.co/zj47db1Yj1 https://t.co/JrjHyLRkD6
"Why Franklin Graham says Donald Trump is right about stopping Muslim immigration"  https://t.co/iVPJcDQLeO
Establishment flunky @KarlRove is going crazy with the just released CBS poll that has me way ahead. New Fox poll has me beating Hillary.
Dummy @KarlRove continues to make and write false statements. He still thinks Romney won--he should get a life!
Thank you for your support! Being #PoliticallyCorrect will NOT #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! https://t.co/lC9l8PnRZX https://t.co/yOJTHcSPJo
I am signing copies of my book CRIPPLED AMERICA. Order yours now--makes a great holiday gift!  https://t.co/jg50w3rcnn … …
The politicians of the U.K. should watch Katie Hopkins of Daily https://t.co/LgtY0qdv9U on @FoxNews. Many people in the U.K. agree with me!
Thank you to respected columnist Katie Hopkins of Daily https://t.co/LgtY0qdv9U for her  powerful writing on the U.K.'s Muslim problems.
The United Kingdom is trying hard to disguise their massive  Muslim problem. Everybody is wise to what is happening, very sad! Be honest.
I have decided to postpone my trip to Israel and to schedule my meeting with @Netanyahu at a later date after I become President of the U.S.
Our VISA system is broken, like so much else in our country. We better get it fixed really fast. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends this morning at 7:30. So much to talk about!
Wow, my poll numbers have just been announced and have gone through the roof!
.@Megynkelly spent a big part of her show talking about other shows spending so much time on me. Really weird, she's being driven crazy!
Weak and totally conflicted people like @TheRickWilson shouldn't be allowed on television unless given an I.Q. test. Dumb as a rock!  @CNN
Great interview tonight @donlemon - very professionally done. @CNN
Thank you @oreillyfactor for your wonderful editorial as to why I should have been @TIME Magazine's Person of the Year. You should run Time!
Great leaders listen to and support law enforcement officials. Police discuss no-go areas: https://t.co/hEM6UGuiTs https://t.co/VmkTnHcwto
Why does @CNN bore their audience with people like @secupp, a totally biased loser who doesn't have a clue. I hear she will soon be gone!
.@secupp, who can't believe that her candidate has bombed so badly, is one of the dumber pundits on T.V. Hard to watch, zero talent! @CNN
.@donlemon on @CNN at 10:00 P.M.
Thank you for all of your support, South Carolina! #Trump2016 https://t.co/JWFE5tDg50
I am interviewed on the  @oreillyfactor tonight at 8:00. Then at 10:00, I am interviewed by @donlemon on @CNN. Enjoy!
"Carter Banned Iranians From Coming To U.S. During Hostage Crisis" https://t.co/Kok27117dl
" Haim Saban: Hillary Clinton’s Top Hollywood Donor Demands Racial Profiling of Muslims"   https://t.co/d99X4O9ysG
The police in London say I’m right. Major article in Daily Mail. “We can’t wear uniform in our own cars.”  https://t.co/xok4UTsXaN
Thank you @JebBush- you finally get it! https://t.co/QXqHpAH4jo
Thank you, Piers, they don't know what they're getting into.  https://t.co/UvKt1Go6nT
.@Mayor_Nutter of Philadelphia, who is doing a terrible job, should be ashamed for using such a disgusting word in referring to me.Low life!
I am signing copies of my book CRIPPLED AMERICA. Makes a great holiday gift. Order yours now!  https://t.co/jg50w3rcnn … …
"Rupert Murdoch Defends Trump: 'Complete Refugee Pause' Makes Sense' " https://t.co/HWOLO4RVAC
I told you @TIME Magazine would never pick me as person of the year despite being the big favorite They picked person who is ruining Germany
Hillary Clinton does not have the STRENGTH or STAMINA to be President. We need strong and super smart for our next leader - or trouble!
The last person corrupt Hillary Clinton wants to run against is Donald J. Trump. I'll end up beating her in every state. New Fox Poll-Trump!
The failing @nytimes does not mention the new @CNN Poll that has me leading Iowa by a massive 13 points - I am at 33%. Maggie Haberman, sad!
Great poll numbers just coming out of New Hampshire. BIG lead for "Trump" according to @CNN!
Wow, what a day. So many foolish people that refuse to acknowledge the tremendous  danger and uncertainty of certain people coming into U.S.
Our country is facing a major threat from radical Islamic terrorism. We better get very smart, and very tough, FAST, before it is too late!
Despite my great respect for King Abdullah II, I will not be visiting Jordan at this time. This is in response to the false @AP report.
Prior to the end of the year, I will be traveling to Israel. I am very much looking forward to it.
Great new poll from NH. Thank you! We need to keep this country safe! #Trump2016 https://t.co/r5K58xu8Mp https://t.co/EAqHZ5ttmp
Will be on @ABC News tonight at 6:30. Interviewed by the legendary @BarbaraJWalters! Enjoy
The legendary @BarbaraJWalters will be asking me questions about the Presidential campaign on @WNTonight at 6:30 PM.
A very big poll is coming out at 6 PM in New Hampshire. Will be very interested in the results.
A new poll indicates that 68% of my supporters would vote for me if I departed the GOP &amp; ran as an independent. https://t.co/ztP5d2ctZl
I am signing copies of my book CRIPPLED AMERICA. Order yours now--makes a great holiday gift!  https://t.co/jg50w3rcnn …
I wish the @WSJ Wall Street Journal had reported the just out @CNN Iowa Poll correctly. I lead by a wide margin,13 points, going up big!
Just won IOWA @CNN Poll BIG: Trump 33% Cruz 20% Rubio 11%,  but @WSJ reported "Cruz momentum" but nothing about the fact that I easily won!
Thank you for the support, South Carolina! #USSYorktown #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 https://t.co/n0Ph35qsKV
Great video of tonights crowd reacting to my latest proposal in SC. #Trump2016 https://t.co/CBxrWeRZhP https://t.co/Ko0rypNsx8
Just released @CNN Poll gives me a big 13 point lead in Iowa. Change your false story failing @nytimes. Thank you Iowa!
The main stream media wants to surrender constitutional rights -- I believe #ISIS needs to surrender!
On my way to Charleston/Mount Pleasant, South Carolina. Big crowd. Look forward to it! #USSYorktown https://t.co/1Z9Z4uDWaf
Statement on Preventing Muslim Immigration: https://t.co/HCWU16z6SR https://t.co/d1dhaIs0S7
Just put out a very important policy statement on the extraordinary influx of hatred &amp; danger coming into our country. We must be vigilant!
Thank you Iowa! #Trump2016#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #FITN https://t.co/uymSlYv7Jq
I am especially grateful for the tremendous support I have received from the Evangelicals in the just out Iowa CNN poll. Thank you!
I am greatly honored by the results of the CNN poll in Iowa. In the end, I believe the final results will be even better than that!
.@washingtonpost is going out of its way to tell failing candidates how to beat Donald Trump.The Post doesn’t get that I’m good at winning!
Today we honor the fallen at #PearlHarbor, 74 years ago today. If you see a vet today, thank them! #RememberOurVets https://t.co/HVrucgzWfs
Poor @JohnKasich doesn't have what it takes- https://t.co/ijaxXpe6xT
"Credible Source on 9-11 Muslim Celebrations: FBI" https://t.co/UICDNcftJS
I am signing copies of my book CRIPPLED AMERICA. Order yours now--makes a great holiday gift!  https://t.co/jg50w3rcnn
If @amazon ever had to pay fair taxes, its stock would crash and it would crumble like a paper bag. The @washingtonpost scam is saving it!
The @washingtonpost loses   money (a deduction) and gives owner @JeffBezos power to screw public on low taxation of @Amazon! Big tax shelter
The @washingtonpost, which loses a fortune, is owned by  @JeffBezos for purposes of keeping taxes down at his no profit company, @amazon.
N.Y.C. has the worst Mayor in the United States. I hate watching what is happening with the dirty streets, the homeless and crime! Disgrace
I spoke with other candidates to a Jewish group, many friends, in D.C. I said "I'm a negotiator like you" Got standing O-rated best of day!
Obama said in his speech that Muslims are our sports heroes. What sport is he talking about, and who? Is Obama profiling?
Thank you Graham Ledger of the Daily Ledger @OANN for your really fair coverage and your great interview with Peter Roff of U.S. NEWS &amp; W.R.
Well, Obama refused to say (he just can't say it), that we are at WAR with RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORISTS.
Should have gone after the oil years ago (like I have been saying).
Wish Obama would say ISIS, like almost everyone else, rather than ISIL.
Is that all there is? We need a new President - FAST!
Hope he won't spend too much time ripping apart the 2nd. Amendment!
The podium in the Oval Office looks odd! Not good, but the words will be the key.
Hillary won't call out radical Islam! She will be soundly defeated.
I will be re-tweeting some of your better, most imaginative and hopefully insightful tweets. Make them good (great)! Important stuff.
BIG NIGHT ON TWITTER TONIGHT. I WILL BE LIVE TWEETING PRESIDENT OBAMA'S SPEECH AT 7:50 P.M. ( EASTERN). MUST TALK RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORISM!
Gee, @meetthepress with @chucktodd was getting terrible ratings then, with me,  he set records - I saved his job, but Chuck still not nice!
May the Festival of Lights bring our Jewish friends from around the world, health &amp; happiness! Happy Hanukkah! https://t.co/03UZBGCswB
I have been saying it for sometime now!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 https://t.co/QFCHFo88rN
Order my book CRIPPLED AMERICA for your holiday gifts. I will be signing books for the next two weeks! https://t.co/jg50w3rcnn
Thank you America! Together, we will all #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! #Trump2016 https://t.co/DQiox2k2DV
Wow, @GeorgeWill said some very nice things about me today on @FoxNewsSunday with Chris Wallace. I am making progress, thanks George!
I will be live-tweeting President Obama's prime-time speech tonight starting at 7:50 P.M. (Eastern).Will he finally state the real problems?
.@BrookslawBrooks  Thank you so much for your nice words. I will make you look very smart!
So, how did I do on Face The Nation?
Watch Face The Nation - will be on now!
Hillary just said that she will not use the term "radical Islamic" - but was incapable of saying why. She is afraid of  Obama &amp; the e-mails!
I will be interviewed on Face The Nation @CBSNews at 10:30 A.M. Should be interesting - ENJOY!
Was going to do a phoner this morning with @jaketapper on @CNN but they could not get their phone equipment to hook in. Will do next week.
Wonder if Obama will ever say RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORIST?
.@KatyTurNBC &amp; @DebSopan should be fired for dishonest reporting. Thank you @GatewayPundit for reporting the truth. #Trump2016
@Maddow, you copied incompetent @KatyTurNBC incorrect story. I'm sure you would like to apologize to me on show. Thank you for the courtesy.
.@KatyTurNBC, 3rd rate reporter &amp; @SopanDeb @ CBS lied. Finished in normal manner&amp;signed autos for 20min. Dishonest! https://t.co/sCglbQjB3o
A great day in both Spencer &amp; Davenport, Iowa! THANK YOU for the support! #Trump2016 #FITN #IAPolitics https://t.co/QsyNbM7ssg
Re CRIPPLED AMERICA  -- I am signing books for the next two weeks. Order yours for holiday gifts!  https://t.co/jg50w3rcnn
Done by a real fan! #TRUMP  https://t.co/R7fzPgcwmx
Raleigh, North Carolina, was fantastic last night. Such incredible spirit. We all want to, and will, MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
A great night in Raleigh, North Carolina! THANK YOU! #Trump2016 https://t.co/oouSXAe267
Great Live Signing last nite! Over 25k views. I am signing books for next two weeks. Order yours for holiday gifts. https://t.co/jg50w3rcnn
Good news, disloyal @Macys stock is in a total free fall. Don't shop there for Christmas! https://t.co/wpDDCWcLFD https://t.co/vT3uGjiZ9B
Congratulations, Chuck. Must be wonderful to have Donald Trump as your guest --- #BeCool! #Trump2016https://t.co/9BxQGTb5m2
A total refutation of the disgraceful David Brooks column in the failing @NYTimes by the @WashingtonPost: https://t.co/WbToL9lqD3
https://t.co/ZbyQQkfwAh #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 https://t.co/y2XPvEoy7B
.@JRubinBlogger one of the dumber bloggers @washingtonpost only writes purposely inaccurate pieces on me. She is in love with Marco Rubio?
The horrible shooting that took place in San Bernardino was an absolute act of terror that many people knew about. Why didn’t they report?
.@marthamaccallum  Martha, great interview with my son @EricTrump -- smart, tough &amp; professional. Thank you! @FoxNews
Great Live Signing last nite! Over 25k views. I am signing books for next two weeks. Order yours for holiday gifts: https://t.co/jg50w3rcnn
The virtually incompetent Republican Strategist who has had a failed career, Cheri Jacobus, is incoherent with anger that her puppets died!
.@CNN &amp; @CNNPolitics Please thank Alisyn Camerota, David Chalian and John King for the very professional reporting of the new CNN Poll.
.@CNN Poll just came out, amazing numbers for those who want to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! TRUMP 36%, a 20 point lead over 2nd place. Thanks.
.@MarkHalperin I totaly won the RJC meeting yesterday. Know many members who said "not even close." Only FULL standing O. But don't want $'s
Watch my live book signing now! https://t.co/1xnEdQyIhh
I invite you to join my campaign to Make America Great Again! Sign up to Volunteer! https://t.co/2XBs5SSRC3
Purchase your copy of CRIPPLED AMERICA now &amp; be on potential call list for my live streaming signing event tonite.  https://t.co/TICkBt5xnH
Thank you!! #Trump2016 https://t.co/EjZTiQyQCW
Thank you, New Hampshire! Great people -- see you next week! https://t.co/R83Xq8kXp5
Via @DrudgeReport: https://t.co/tGu2vCGNYq
Great to see the construction of the Old Post Office on Penn Ave. Going fast - under budget, ahead of schedule!
It was recently reported that 3rd rate $ losing @Politico is a foil for the Clintons. Questions given to Clinton in advance. No credibility.
Thank you so much for the wonderful article, Robert Davi. https://t.co/vwht7S0QC3
Thank you! Vote in 2016! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain https://t.co/XFD3h2N50J
Thank you! #Trump2016 https://t.co/tcyun7Mffy
CRIPPLED AMERICA is the perfect gift for friends &amp; family. Order signed copy &amp; join me at 7:30pm, live streaming! https://t.co/TICkBt5xnH
Why can't @Politico get better reporters than Ben Schreckenger? Guy is a major lightweight with no credibility. So dishonest!
Loved being in Manassas, VA last night. Such incredible spirit! Now in DC for a speech, will then visit Old Post Office under construction.
CRIPPLED AMERICA is perfect gift for friends &amp; family. Order signed copy &amp; join me tonite live streaming 7:30     https://t.co/TICkBt5xnH
As a presidential candidate, I have instructed my long-time doctor to issue, within two weeks, a full medical report-it will show perfection
I consider my health, stamina and strength one of my greatest assets.The world has watched me for many years and can so testify-great genes!
Congratulations on the GREAT job done by POLICE and law enforcement on the California shootings. Give credit where credit is due.
Heading to Manassas, Virginia, for a rally. Will have a moment of silence for the victims of the California shootings. So sad!
#TeamTrump. Police and law enforcement seem to have killed one of the California shooters and are in a shootout with the others. Go police
A signed copy of CRIPPLED AMERICA is the ultimate gift. Order now &amp; join my live streaming book signing on 12/3  https://t.co/TICkBtn8ff
California shooting looks very bad. Good luck to law enforcement and God bless. This is when our police are so appreciated!
Thank you CBS &amp; Breitbart-total vindication! Will the mainstream media apologize? Many, many witnesses. #Trump2016 https://t.co/AsxnfFWipJ
I beat Hillary in the new @FoxNews Poll head to head.  SHE HAS NO STRENGTH OR STAMINA, both of which are needed to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
LIVE on #Periscope: Live with the Donald https://t.co/AKgvYBZHEE
Join me at 2:00pmEST today - live from Trump Tower - via Facebook &amp; Periscope! https://t.co/FQHNiJet2v
Illegal immigrant children, non-Mexicans surge across border at record rate https://t.co/V6TP55dRAC
Order signed copy of CRIPPLED AMERICA &amp; submit a question for my live streaming book signing on 12/3 at 7:30 pm.   https://t.co/TICkBt5xnH
I WILL BE ON @foxandfriends  AT 7:30 -NOW!
The truth continues to come out after 14 years. A truth that many in the media did not want to tell. #Trump2016https://t.co/AtuacgxOW1
Just arrived in New Hampshire. Another packed venue! Will be fun.
You would think a paper like the Washington Post would be fair and objective. For the record, almost all polls showed I won all debates.
Highly untalented Wash Post blogger, Jennifer Rubin, a real dummy, never writes fairly about me. Why does Wash Post have low IQ people?
Order a signed copy of CRIPPLED AMERICA &amp; submit a question for my live streaming book signing on 12/3 at 7:30 pm   https://t.co/TICkBt5xnH
What is Obama thinking? https://t.co/YWINe9t8w3
Curtis Sliwa - doing tv commentary on 9/13/2001. Good job Curtis. Please send your apologies to @realDonaldTrump. https://t.co/g07VZmNmAW
Look at the editorial I was just sent from the NY Post on 9/14/01 - 3 days after collapse of WTC. Any apologies? https://t.co/b6DKEOk8Px
Jamiel Shaw was incredible on @foxandfriends this morning. His son, who was viciously killed by an illegal immigrant, is so proud of pop!
I want to thank all my friends in Macon for the special evening and great reception. What a crowd of incredible people!
A signed copy of CRIPPLED AMERICA makes a great gift. Order &amp; join my live streaming book signing event on 12/3   https://t.co/TICkBt5xnH
A great night in Macon, Georgia! Thank you for all of the support. Together, we will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! https://t.co/NnyonhWcye
Order signed copy of CRIPPLED AMERICA &amp; have opportunity to submit question for my live streaming book signing 12/3 https://t.co/TICkBt5xnH
Meeting with African American Pastors at Trump Tower was amazing. Wonderful news conference followed. Now off to Georgia for big speech!
We need a great leader- now! https://t.co/TSuU2Xe7EM
We better be vigilant, careful, and strong.  https://t.co/ADb1Tss9Jg
The Republican establishment, out of self preservation, is concerned w/ my high poll #'s. More concerned are Dems—I beat Hillary heads up!
How is Chris Christie running the state of NJ, which is deeply troubled, when he is spending all of his time in NH? New Jerseyans not happy!
Wow, the MSM is really going after me. 12,000 in Sarasota, a love fest, hardly a mention. Only one negativity - they only want negatives!
When will @CNN get some real political talent rather than political commentators like Errol Louis, who doesn't have a clue! Others bad also.
Great job @MariaTCardona on @ThisWeekABC. You made kooky Cokie Roberts and @BillKristol look even dumber than they are. You will be right!
After my meeting with the pastors, it's off to Georgia for a big rally - many thousands of great people will be there, a beautiful movement!
Will be meeting on Monday at Trump Tower with a large group of African American Pastors. Many I know-wonderful people! Not a press event.
Just watched Cookie Roberts on @ABC. Her predictions have been so wrong for so long that she has lost all credibility. Just another sad case
.@CNN has to do better reporting if it wants to keep up with the crowd.So totally one-sided and biased against me that it is becoming boring
I will be on @meetthepress in an interview with @chucktodd on Sunday morning. So much to talk about!
The Sarasota, Florida, rally today was amazing. 12,000 people chanting their love for our country. It's going to happen, this is a MOVEMENT!
.@CNN Kayleigh McEnany was great on you network today. You should have her  on more often! Thank you Kayleigh for your nice words.
Sarasota was an unbelievable success. We expected 5,000, a record, but 12,000 showed up! Great love in the air! https://t.co/utmlCpGNGu
We boarded the helicopter for Sarasota earlier &amp; will be landing soon! See you there. #Trump2016 https://t.co/x4RbbKXHCu
Virtually no-one has spent more money in helping the  American people with disabilities than me. Will discuss today at my speech in Sarasota
The reporter who pulled-back from his 14 year old never retracted story is having fun. I don't know what he looks like and don't know him!
I will be going to Sarasota, Florida, today for a big rally with amazing people! I have one goal on mind: MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Pollster Trend National GOP Average223 national polls &amp; 33 pollsters.#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 https://t.co/mILAGwjvS2
The failing @nytimes should focus on fair and balanced reporting rather than constant hit jobs on me. Yesterday 3 boring articles, today2!
I do not know the reporter for the @nytimes, or what he looks like. I was showing a person groveling to take back a statement made long ago!
Great new poll numbers! Thank you for your support! #Trump2016 https://t.co/vmrsOnsMRo
https://t.co/T5JBFXOz3F
Happy Thanksgiving to all. Have a great day and look forward to the future. We will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
The numbers at the @nytimes  are so dismal, especially advertising revenue, that big help will be needed fast. A once great institution-SAD!
So, since the people at the @nytimes have made all bad decisions over the last decade, why do people care what they write. Incompetent!
The dopes at the @nytimes bought the Boston Globe for $1.3 billion and sold it for $1.00. Their great old headquarters-gave it away! So dumb
The @nytimes is so poorly run and managed that other family members are looking to take over control. With unfunded liabilities-big trouble!
The failing @nytimes should be focused on good reporting and the papers financial survival and not with constant hits on Donald Trump!
Credible Source on 9-11 Muslim Celebrations: FBIhttps://t.co/UICDNcftJS via @WKRG
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 https://t.co/r9ARuMdyMn
I LIVE IN NEW JERSEY &amp; @realDonaldTrump IS RIGHT: MUSLIMS DID CELEBRATE ON 9/11 HERE! WE SAW IT! https://t.co/1SksZU9qlj
Thank you for your continued support!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 https://t.co/SLo49cY9KB
@KarlRove just totally bombed on @Morning_Joe. @FoxNews has him on even though he has lost all credibility - a loser!  Fox should dump Rove.
South Carolina was so great last night. Will be back soon!
Why would @greta use @KarlRove as an election analyst when he has made so many mistakes. He still thinks Romney won. An establishment dope!
Myrtle Beach, South Carolina #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 https://t.co/JlY5sbumpY
A wonderful evening in South Carolina - big crowd, amazing energy!
New @OANN national poll released. Thank you America! #Trump2016 https://t.co/yopcngFzFv
Thank you for your nice words @MikeNeedham @Heritage for the nice words on @FoxNewsSunday with Chris Wallace. #FNS #Trump2016
What is Frank VanderSloot getting for agreeing to back Marco Rubio? Last victim was Mitt Romney - see how that turned out.
.@BradPaisley came up to see me. A really nice and talented guy. https://t.co/duJ7vXLGZw
Will be doing @seanhannity at 10 PM on @FoxNews.  As always with Sean, will be interesting!
Heading to Myrtle Beach, South Carolina. Really big crowd—so much to talk about!
Republicans must stop relying on losers like @KarlRove if they want to start winning presidential elections. Be tough and get smart!
Just left Columbus rally of 14,000 people --- a far bigger crowd than even I expected! Unbelievable evening, incredible spirit in the arena!
Heading for Ohio - really big crowd of amazing people! Much to talk about!
Going to Ohio, home of one of the worst presidential candidates in history--Kasich. Can't debate, loves #ObamaCare--dummy!
.@WSJ reports that @GOP getting ready to treat me unfairly—big spending planned against me. That wasn’t the deal!
Via @washingtonpost 9/18/01. I want an apology! Many people have tweeted that I am right! https://t.co/CpsMxs54qv https://t.co/wrDEhXJlvR
When you do your Christmas shopping remember how disloyal @Macys was to the subject of illegal immigration. #BoycottMacys #DumpMacys
Hillary, there is nothing to laugh about- https://t.co/bkmWFZ9JI9
Going to Columbus, Ohio today for a tremendous rally of thousands. The silent majority is no longer silent!
.@AP has one of the worst reporters in the business -- @JeffHorwitz wouldn’t know the truth if it hit him in the face.
.@AP continues to do extremely dishonest reporting. Always looking for a hit to bring them back into relevancy—ain’t working!
.@MatthewJDowd thank you for the nice comments recently, especially on @BarbaraJWalters. My family &amp; I greatly appreciate your kind words.
Hillary Clinton is weak on illegal immigration, among many other things. She is strong on corruption - corruption is what she's best at!
Great poll numbers! Thank you!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 https://t.co/51CRR6m5Eg
We better get tough with RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORISTS, and get tough now, or the life and safety of our wonderful country will be in jeopardy!
13 Syrian refugees were caught trying to get into the U.S. through the Southern Border. How many made it?  WE NEED THE WALL!
Great poll numbers all over and beating Hillary Clinton one on one. Thank you!
Big new @ABC Poll to be announced at 9:00 A.M. on This Week with @GStephanopoulos. I will be interviewed on show!
.@GStephanopoulos just announced that I am leading  BIG in the new @ABC Poll which will be shown on This Week at 9:00 A.M. I will be on show
Will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 8:00 A.M.
I find that @Reuters is a far more professional operation than @AP.
.ccolvinj @AP is one of the truly bad reporters---working for an organization that has totally lost its way. Stories are fictional garbage.
.@heytana, great job - we are all proud of you!
Thank you to all law enforcement agencies for a fabulous job!#LEO #LESM #Trump2016 https://t.co/SuH1jfOQR4
Thank you for a great afternoon Birmingham, Alabama! #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain https://t.co/FrOkqCzBoD
It's too bad so few people showed up to @bobvanderplaats Family Leader dinner. Next year I'll try &amp; be there- and they'll have a huge crowd!
Thank you John Nolte for wonderful analysis &amp; reporting.
Rumor has it - Pataki, Kasich, &amp; Senator Lindsey Graham are dropping out of the race very soon. Hope it's not true, they're so easy to beat!
So nice when media properly polices media. Thank you @BreitbartNews. https://t.co/IGUh57zOJz
A woman who got fired after two days of working with Scott Walker - a wacko - now trying to raise funds to fight me.
Heading to Birmingham, Alabama, and a massive crowd of incredible people! 12 noon - will be wild.
To show you how politicians act, Bobby Jindal spent $1,000 to register in New Hampshire &amp; dropped out the next day. Such a waste!
We're stuck with the worst mayor in the United States. Too bad, but New York City will survive!
People are really liking my new book, "Crippled America." Check it out!
Join us at 10pmE on @ABC2020 @ABC with @BarbaraJWalters! #MeetTheTrumps #ABC2020 https://t.co/vMeLS00GnJ
#ICYMI: I joined #OnTheRecord with @kimguilfoyle on @FoxNews this evening. #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgainhttps://t.co/FlJutjpR35
Looking forward to watching the legendary @BarbaraJWalters interview my family (and me) tonight on @ABC at 10:00. Many things to talk about!
Tune into the legendary @BarbaraJWalters at 10pmE on@ABC2020 tonight. #MeetTheTrumps for a full hour @ABC #ABC2020! https://t.co/exF5aUhrEW
.@washingtonpost  @BretBaier  Please thank Charles Lane for his new found confidence. He has made a very good bet!
.@Gracematters Thank you, a very wise bet! Best wishes.
Just got back from South Carolina. Going to Alabama tomorrow!
.@HillaryClinton is weak on illegal immigration &amp; totally incompetent as a manager and leader - no strength or stamina to be #POTUS!
The legendary @BarbaraJWalters interviews my family and me tonight at 10:00 on @ABC2020 . Don't miss it! https://t.co/JHTF7f9aTo
.@BilldeBlasio should focus on running #NYC &amp; all of the problems that he has caused with his ineptitude, &amp; not be so focused on me!
Can you believe the worst Mayor in the U.S., &amp; probably the worst Mayor in the history of #NYC, @BilldeBlasio, just called me a blow hard!
Thank you for a great afternoon, South Carolina! See you next Tuesday! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 https://t.co/kWWMlmy7gQ
I didn't suggest a database-a reporter did. We must defeat Islamic terrorism &amp; have surveillance, including a watch list, to protect America
Under our President, ISIS is gaining great strength- https://t.co/28VsmV8xng
My family has the honor of being interviewed for a full hour by the legendary @BarbaraJWalters tonight @ABC - 10pmE. https://t.co/cm4fv1Ye9L
.@mkhammer, a Fox contributor, isn't smart enough to know what is going on at the border. @TheJuanWilliams made the point far better!
Going to South Carolina now, great place, SRO crowd. Iowa was amazing yesterday!
The media must denigrate ISIS at all levels or youth will continue to be drawn to it. These are low level degenerates, NOT masterminds!
The media must immediately stop calling ISIS leaders "MASTERMINDS." Call them instead thugs and losers. Young people must not go into ISIS!
A wonderful afternoon in Iowa! Great people! Heading now to Florida - tomorrow, South Carolina! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
A great evening in Iowa! Thank you Des Moines Area Community College for a great forum! #Trump2016 #IAForums https://t.co/092t2VrMEw
John Kasich was managing director of Lehman Brothers when it crashed, bringing down the world and ruining people's lives. A total failure!
Once John Kasich announced he was running for president, and opened his mouth, people realized he was a complete &amp; total dud!
John Kasich fell right into President Obama’s trap on ObamaCare, and the people of Ohio are suffering for it. Shame!
Doesn’t help Kasich to do negative ads on me because he still has to go through everyone else  - he’s almost last.
I loved beating John Kasich in the debates, but it was easy—he came in dead last!
Kasich has already spent $6 million on ads in New Hampshire and his numbers have gone down. People from NH are smart!
Watch Kasich squirm --- if he is not truthful in his negative ads I will sue him just for fun!
I want to do negative ads on John Kasich, but he is so irrelevant to the race that I don’t want to waste my money.
John Kasich, despite being Governor of Ohio, is losing to me in the Ohio polls. Pathetic!
John Kasich should focus his special interest money on building up his failed image, not negative ads on me.
Governor Kasich, whose failed campaign &amp; debating skills have brought him way down in the polls, is going to spend $2.5 million against me.
The legendary Barbara Walters interviews Melania Trump and me on a special this Friday night at 10:00 on ABC. Don't miss it!
Thank you Worcester, Massachusetts!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 https://t.co/D6QinyBLW6 https://t.co/sZDJr3Tkd8
Just the beginning &amp; it is going to get worse. Rates &amp; deductibles are so high nobody is going to be able to use it. https://t.co/iwqLODke50
I told you! Premiums are soaring! #RepealObamacare #Trump2016 https://t.co/Ey50582uND
Thank you for your support! Together we can #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! #Trump2016 https://t.co/qni36GI6fV
The POLICE in Paris did a fantastic job. Very brave - not easy!
Everyone is now saying how right I was with illegal immigration &amp; the wall. After Paris, they’re all on the bandwagon.
Eight Syrians were just caught on the southern border trying to get into the U.S. ISIS maybe? I told you so. WE NEED A BIG &amp; BEAUTIFUL WALL!
Via Politico: "Trump Extends Lead in New Hampshire Poll" https://t.co/PaJOAi3rGa
Very nice article from Daily Mail  https://t.co/SIxmYzPXv1
Great New Poll  https://t.co/178k1ERFqT
How does Ben Carson survive this problem – really big. Similar story on front page of New York Times.  https://t.co/y9fqUUYRnD
Thank you for all of your support! Let's #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! #Trump2016 https://t.co/G7o6b0cfZz
The great Barbara Walters interviews Melania Trump and me on a Special Friday night at 10:00 on ABC.… https://t.co/28q3QgfIbM
I will be interviewed by  @seanhannity tonight at 10:00 on @FoxNews . Much, much, much to talk about!
Melania and I just had interview with the legendary @BarbaraJWalters. Watch #abc2020 this Friday. Tonight we talk ISIS @WNTonight
.@AP is doing very badly. I can say from experience their reporting is terrible &amp; highly inaccurate. Sadly, they are now irrelevant!
One of the saddest things in journalism is what happened to the formerly great @AP. They have lost their way and are no longer credible.
What is our President doing? https://t.co/8p0A80kaaX
"GOP Voters Trust Donald Trump to Keep Our Country Safe" https://t.co/TWslpJPQG0
Refugees from Syria are now pouring into our great country. Who knows who they are - some could be ISIS. Is our president insane?
I, along with almost everyone else, have so little confidence in President Obama. He has a horrible attitude-a man who is resigned to defeat
So many great polls like Reuters - big leads everywhere. New Hampshire really special! We will win big and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Thank you Tennessee! #Trump2016 https://t.co/RNZ3hvbVvM
Just received a copy of @SarahPalinUSA new book -- a great read! Sarah is a terrific person.
Great poll numbers out of @UMassAmherst. Thank you! #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain https://t.co/ePlQRgjMYw
Just leaving Knoxville, TN --- what a crowd, what amazing people! #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain https://t.co/5qr5deOlEl
Just landing in Knoxville, Tennessee! Massive crowd expected! Will all have a great time, despite serious subject matter.
I agree! The headline says it all. #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgainhttps://t.co/TWslpJPQG0
Discussing #SyrianRefugees with @EricBolling on @FoxNews back on 10/3/2015. #ISIS https://t.co/rUX57o2BzM
Will be landing in Knoxville, Tennessee shortly - tremendous crowd expected. It's all very simple, we want to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
Republicans must stop listening to dopes like @KarlRove who still insists Mitt Romney won the last election. Think big &amp; think strong!
Wow, @Macys shares are down more than 40% this year. I never knew my ties &amp; shirts not being sold there would have such a big impact!
Interesting article from highly respected Wayne Allyn Root https://t.co/1esS0QV46V
Remember, I was the one who said attack the oil (ISIS source of wealth) a long time ago. Everyone scoffed, now they're attacking the oil.
Tom Brady just did it again. He is not only a great guy, he is, without question, the BEST quarterback!
President Obama just told President Putin how important the Russian air strikes against ISIS have been. I TOLD YOU SO!
.@JohnLegere  @TMobile  John, focus on running your company, I think the service is terrible! Try hiring some good managers.
Glad to see that @RondaRousey lost her championship fight last night. Was soundly beaten - not a nice person!
I have watched sloppy Graydon Carter fail and close Spy Magazine and now am watching him fail at @VanityFair Magazine. He is a total loser!
.@VanityFair Magazine is doing really poorly. It has gotten worse and worse over the years, and has lost almost all of it's former allure!
We need strong, tough and brilliant leadership now more than ever!  MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I had a great time in Texas yesterday. A tremendous crowd of wonderful and enthusiastic people. Will be back soon!
.@realDonaldTrump on ISIS&amp;OIL FIELDS! Saying it for years! @AndersonCooper, you should acknowledge this! #Trump2016 https://t.co/ocoB9WlP7R
When will President Obama issue the words RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORISM? He  can't say it, and unless he will,  the problem will not be solved!
I think everyone will like my new and very successful book, Crippled America. Go get it and let me know what you think!
Wow, Bernie Sanders just admitted that the real unemployment rate is 10% (it is actually over 20%) and for  African American youth - 51%.
Hillary and Sanders are not doing well, but what is the failed former Mayor of Baltimore doing on that stage? O'Malley is a clown.
Why won't President Obama use the term Islamic Terrorism? Isn't it now, after all of this time and so much death, about time!
Great news out of New Hampshire! DonaldTrump is pulling away from the pack w/ 2nd is 17% behind him! #Trump2016 https://t.co/hASWradHMe"
We need much tougher, much smarter leadership - and we need it NOW!
President Obama said "ISIL continues to shrink" in an interview just hours before the horrible attack in Paris. He is just so bad! CHANGE.
My prayers are with the victims and hostages in the horrible Paris attacks. May God be with you all.
Boy is this guy @ShepNewsTeam tough on me. So totally biased. As a reporter, he should be ashamed of himself! #Trump2016
They laughed at me when I said to bomb the ISIS controlled oil fields. Now they are not laughing and doing what I said. #Trump2016
Thank you @JakeTapper for giving me credit for my vision on bombing the oil fields. Should have been done long ago. #Trump2016
Great honor to be inducted into the NJ Boxing Hall of Fame last night. Thank you! Timing could not have been better! https://t.co/IU6peXoVL2
.@seanhannity  Carly, whose campaign is dead, is making false statements about me in order to salvage hope! Sad.
.@CarlyFiorina had to inject herself into my factual statements concerning Ben Carson in order to breathe life into her failing campaign!
.@CarlyFiorina I only said I was on @60Minutes four weeks ago with Putin—never said I was in Green Room. Separate pieces—great ratings!
.@CarlyFiorina  Ben Carson said in his own book that he has a pathological temper &amp; pathological disease. I didn’t say it, he did. Apology?
.@CarlyFiorina Carly—I did graduate from Wharton and did very well. Who is your fact checker? Will you apologize?
.@CarlyFiorina Carly, not just you, I also told Gov. Kasich to “let Jeb talk, give him a chance” because Kasich was constantly cutting in.
Happy Friday the 13th https://t.co/Br6AUzgGoi
Thank you Iowa! I appreciate all of your support @IowaCentral &amp; @ethanolbyPOET this evening! #Trump2016 #IACaucus https://t.co/mJzLcXjtpf
First candidate in Virginia with over 16,000 validated signatures for the ballot. An honor - thank you! #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
I will be on @OutFrontCNN with @ErinBurnett at 7PM. Tune in!#Trump2016
I will be on with @BretBaier tonight at 6PM. #Trump2016
Macy’s was very disloyal to me bc of my strong stance on illegal immigration. Their stock has crashed! #BoycottMacys https://t.co/WsvZtwZbBf
Thank you @Forbes for showing the @WSJ was wrong. So dishonest! https://t.co/wOjEXdEkNg
From 2% to 27% in Texas - quite a jump into first place!
Wow, pres. candidate Ben Carson, who is very weak on illegal Immigration, just said  he likes amnesty and a pathway to citizenship.
Total fool @KarlRove is part of the Republican Establishment problem. An all talk, no action dummy!   https://t.co/CxLHA87hS1
.@WSJ and dopey Karl Rove made a mistake and purposely mischaracterized my statement on the terrible TPP deal.https://t.co/t9JZGIUAYl
Why does the failing @WSJ write a false editorial about me and let dummy @KarlRove make the same mistake in the same edition of the paper?
.@KarlRove is a biased dope who wrote falsely about me re China and TPP. This moron wasted $430 million on political campaigns and lost 100%
We, as a country, either have borders or we don't. IF WE DON'T HAVE BORDERS, WE DON'T HAVE A COUNTRY!
Why wouldn't the @WSJ call for comment or clarification before writing an editorial which is so totally wrong. No wonder it is doing poorly!
When and how are the dummies at the @WSJ going to apologize to me for their totally incorrect Editorial on me. I want "smart" trade deals.
The @WSJ Editorial Board is so wrong, so often. They got info from an incorrect story in another pub. Why not watch and listen to debate.
.@WSJ Editorial Board should review my debate statement re China and T.P.P. and apologize. China not part but will get their way in later.
Today's @WSJ Editorial is WRONG again. I know that China is not in the new T.P.P. trade deal but would come in latter through a back door.
I will be interviewed on @MariaBartiromo @FoxBusiness at 7:30
All seven on-line polls, including Drudge and Time, with thousands of respondents, said I won the debate. @krauthammer said I was "so, so."
Will be interviewed by @oreillyfactor tonight at 8 PM.
I will be on @marklevinshow at 8PM tonight. Tune in!
.@gerardtbaker Gerard—wonderful job last night as moderator of the debate. I told many, “really smart and elegant.”
I never said that China was in the bad TPP trade deal but that China would come in the back door at a later date. @CNN @FoxBusiness
Just returned home from the great state of New Hampshire. Have made so many friends there--special place!
Happy Veterans Day. To those who have served, thank you for your special work.
Thank you @Morning_Joe &amp; @morningmika -- a great show! #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain https://t.co/teauhiQd3i
Loved doing the debate...won Drudge and all on-line polls! Amazing evening, moderators did an outstanding job.
Will be on @Morning_Joe live from New Hampshire - 7:00 A.M. Talking about the debate and more!
I will be on @Morning_Joe live from New Hampshire tomorrow at 7am. #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
People Magazine: "Donald Trump Was Right: He Gave SNL Its Best Ratings in Nearly 4 Years--Plus, What You Didn't See" https://t.co/Bh7K8l0bIO
Thank you South Carolina! #Trump2016 https://t.co/DDK89IcmxX
Thank you New Jersey! #Trump2016 https://t.co/YUIBEP7JcZ
Go out and buy CRIPPLED AMERICA: How to Make America Great Again. Doing really well. Great Thanksgiving or Christmas present!
I will be interviewed by @GStephanopoulos on @GMA at 7:00 A.M. There is much to talk about!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 https://t.co/arJERjlYCO
Thank you to @NYPost's Robert Rorke for the really nice review of #SNL. So many enjoyed it - very gratifying! https://t.co/TT29WgelUT
Marco Rubio is totally weak on illegal immigration &amp; in favor of easy amnesty. A lightweight choker - bad for #USA!
Marco Rubio couldn't even respond properly to President Obama's State of the Union Speech without pouring sweat &amp; chugging water. He choked!
Marco Rubio is a total lightweight who I wouldn’t hire to run one of my smaller companies - a highly overrated politician!
A great evening in Springfield, Illinois. Thank you for all of the support! #Trump2016 https://t.co/mqOfuI08PX
Great job on @Greta @DonaldJTrumpJr. Nobody could have done it better!
Thanks Piers. Greatly appreciated. @piersmorgan  https://t.co/2mIMzNRMOc
.@CNN  should listen. Ana Navarro has no talent, no TV persona, and works for Bush—a total conflict of interest.  https://t.co/mynTMrdTE9
.@Betsy_McCaughey Thanks so much. Really appreciate your comments.  I will help the veterans like no one else.   https://t.co/2iK0mWpuJx
Thank you to all of those who gave me such wonderful reviews for my performance on @nbcsnl Saturday Night Live. Best ratings in 4 years!
.@EricShawnonFox Highest rated Saturday Night Live in four years. 47% higher than their opening night with Hillary &amp; Miley Cyrus. Nice words
Television ratings for @nbcsnl Saturday Night Live just came out and they were great - the best since 2011. Very few protesters!
At 10:30 I will be interviewed on both @meetthepress by @chucktodd and @CBSNews Face The Nation by John Dickerson. This after long evening!
I will be interviewed by  @GStephanopoulos on @ABC   at 10:00 A.M.
.@CNN  Will be interviewed by Jake Tapper at 9:00 A.M. Enjoy.
.@nbcsnl - So much fun last night!
Will be on @foxandfriends at 8:00 A.M.
Amazing evening at Saturday Night Live!
I am at the Saturday Night Live Studio - electricity all over the place. We will be doing a "tweeting" skit, so stay tuned!
They are saying that tickets to tonight's Saturday Night Live are the hardest to get in the history of this great show! Off to a good start!
Saturday Night Live has some incredible things in store tonight. The great thing about playing myself is that it will be authentic! Enjoy
.@RobertGBeckel Please thank your brother for his nice words on television. Seems like a great guy and character! @CNN
One of the dumbest political pundits on television is Chris Stirewalt of @FoxNews. Wrong facts - check Fox debate rankings, Trump #1. Dope!
Would be nice if @jmartNYT learned how to read the polls before writing his next story. Probably done on purpose, but not good reporting!
@BillKristol has become a sad case. His magazine is failing badly, probably doesn't have long to go, and his predictions are always wrong!
Will be on @oreillyfactor tonight. Signing a copy of Crippled America for Bill! https://t.co/AgYUvlCU1u
So sad that Obama rejected Keystone Pipeline. Thousands of jobs, good for the environment, no downside!
Happy Birthday to the great @BillyGraham. He's done so many wonderful things, not the least of which is his fantastic family. I love Billy!
Getting ready for @nbcsnl commercial. https://t.co/asHECYFBRv
.@AJDelgado13 Thank you so much for the nice words and support--really enjoy listening to your ideas and thoughts.
I think it would be a good idea—and fair—to include @GovChristie &amp; @MikeHuckabeeGOP in the debate. Both solid &amp; good guys. @FoxBusiness
Carson now admits his friend named "Bob," who he tried to stab (Bob was saved by his belt buckle!), no longer exists as Bob. Wrong name!
With Ben Carson wanting to hit his mother on head with a hammer, stab a friend and Pyramids built for grain storage - don't people get it?
Such bad reporting: A puff piece on Ben Carson in the @nytimes states that Carson "is trying to solidify his lead." But I am #1, easily! Sad
Florida Ethics Commission Advocate comes down hard on Rubio. So do two people who worked with him. Said he used the wrong credit card! Sure.
A great honor to easily finish FIRST in the @FoxNews poll tabulation even though some of my best polls were not used in determining winner!
The Carson story is either a total fabrication or, if true, even worse-trying to hit mother over the head with a hammer or stabbing friend!
Rubio lied about my meeting w/ Hispanic activists. I didn’t change my opinion but treated them w/ respect. Shame! https://t.co/O9Kgfi5xcH
.@seanhannity should have corrected Jeb Bush when he said that I "ran for president twice." Never ran, merely considered running!
Jeb Bush just said about Marco Rubio, "he's my friend!" Pure political speak. Why can't he be truthful and say "disloyal guy, no friend!"
Also, tune in to the @TodayShow at 7:00am. I will be on to discuss the campaign, my new ads and #CrippledAmerica.
I will unveil my first campaign ads on @Morning_Joe at 6:30am tomorrow. Enjoy! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Wow! @FoxNews poll just came out. #1 with 26%! Almost as importantly, I am the strongest on economic issues by far! #Trump2016
Just landed in New Hampshire - a very exciting morning planned!
Isn't it terrible that @megynkelly used a poll not used before (I.B.D.) when I was down, but refuses to use it now when I am up?
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 https://t.co/f9ujgy3NSk
I will be on @SeanHannity tonight at 10pmE talking about my new book #CrippledAmerica and much more! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Marco Rubio would keep Barack Obama’s executive order on amnesty intact. See article. Cannot be President.      https://t.co/JW5f8OouyA
.@CharlesGKoch is looking for a new puppet after Governor Walker and Jeb Bush cratered. He now likes Rubio--next fail.
Join me today, Nov 3rd, in #TrumpTowerNYC at noon. I'll be signing copies of my new book CRIPPLED AMERICA. Don't miss it!
I will be interviewed on @GMA at 7:00 A.M. and @foxandfriends at 7:50. Talking about my new book, out today, Crippled America.
Join me tomorrow, Nov. 3rd, at 12pm in #TrumpTowerNY. I’ll be signing copies of my new book CRIPPLED AMERICA.  Don’t miss it!
My interview with @jheil &amp; @MarkHalperin at @WollmanRink airing at 5PM on @bpolitics. https://t.co/qErQu7CeEH
.@megynkelly used this poll (nobody else did) when I was down—wonder if she’ll use it now that I’m up? https://t.co/wEhqux6Ss8
.@CharlesMBlow  Why don’t you use new polls instead of the single ancient national poll that was a tiny bit negative. Dishonest reporting!
Meet me at @TrumpTowerNY and get your copy of my new book CRIPPLED AMERICA signed on 11/3 at 12pm! https://t.co/9M0C0vc2fv
Thank you Carl Higbie (former Navy Seal) for you support of my plan to straighten out the Veterans Administration-a mess!Great job @kilmeade
.@Morning_Joe: Marco only won the debate in the minds of desperate people. I won every on-line poll, even crazy @CNBC. Marco good looking?
Sirius National News at 7:30 A.M. Steve Bannon. @BreitbartNews
Now that Iran ripped us off by making one of the best deals of any kind in history, they have just moved to block any imports from the U.S.
Thank you @JoeTrippi for the nice, and true, words on #Media Buzz with terrific Howie Kurtz. Leading New Hampshire 30 to 12. @FoxNews
While in politics it is often smart to send out false messages, one thing is clear:  That Hillary does not want to run against TRUMP.
Join me Tuesday Nov. 3rd at 12 PM in #TrumpTower in NYC. I'll be signing copies of my book CRIPPLED AMERICA. Don't miss it!
If Jeb Bush were more competent he could not have lost the skirmish with Marco in the debate. BAD facts for Marco if properly delivered!
Marco Rubio will not win. Weak on illegal immigration, strong on amnesty and has the appearance to killers of the world as a "lightweight".
I told you in speeches months ago that Jeb and Marco do not like each other. Marco is too ambitious and very disloyal to Jeb as his mentor!
Jeb's new slogan - "Jeb can fix it". I never thought of Jeb as a crook! Stupid message, the word "fix" is not a good one to use in politics!
Anybody that believes in strong borders and stopping illegal immigration cannot vote for Marco Rubio  READ THIS: https://t.co/Tj85IsBPG8"
Further proof that Gang of Eight member Marco Rubio is weak on illegal immigration is Paul Singer's, Mr. Amnesty, endorsement.Rubs can't win
Gov. John Kasich has really failed on the campaign trail. I thought he would have been far more talented. He is just wasting time &amp; money!
.@thehill  John Oliver had his people call to ask me to be on his very boring and low rated show. I said "NO THANKS" Waste of time &amp; energy!
Few people know that  @FortuneMagazine is still in business. Tell your writer  Alisa Soloman that I left The Apprentice to run for president
No complaints but how many people would be watching these really dumb but record setting debates if I wasn't in them? Interesting question!
Thank you James Freeman of the @WSJ for the very nice words. All polls said I won the debate except NBC (3rd). Explain to Daniel Henninger!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain https://t.co/UWyANGV8IR
Support Coach Kennedy and his right, together with his young players, to pray on the football field. Liberty Institute just suspended him!
Just left Virginia where I unveiled my healthcare and other plans for our great Veterans! They will be very happy! https://t.co/rhdiCocPyv
.@ColinCowherd said such nice things about me during the debate that I thought I'd do his show, @TheHerd, on Monday (2:30pm EST).
The @WSJ Wall Street Journal loves to write badly about me. They better be careful or I will unleash big time on them. Look forward to it!
Lifting off right now for U.S.S. Wisconsin in Norfolk. See ya'
I told you so-@politico just lost it's top person. Poor results and no money to pay him. If they were legit, they would be doing far better!
I am leaving for Norfolk, Virginia - the great battleship U.S.S. Wisconsin - for a big rally and really big crowd. See you soon!
I see Marco Rubio just landed another billionaire to give big money to his Superpac, which are total scams. Marco must address him as "SIR"!
The new NBC POLL has me in first place but said I was third in the debate - I demand a recount (just kidding!). EVERY other poll had me #1.
Black Lives Matter protesters totally disrupt Hillary Clinton event. She looked lost. This is not what we need with ISIS, CHINA, RUSSIA etc.
I am going to save Medicare and Medicaid, Carson wants to abolish, and failing candidate Gov. John Kasich doesn't have a clue - weak!
When candidate John Kasich, on the @oreillyfactor, talked about dismantling Medicare and Medicaid, he was referring to Ben Carson.
.@GovMikeHuckabee Great job on @FoxNews tonight. Thanks for your nice words about my children. Class!
Happy Birthday to my friend @garyplayer...https://t.co/WuN4AV9IMT
Via The Political Insider: “Donald Trump Just Received The Best News Possible!”  https://t.co/kFa5wxUXqE
Donald Trump Leads Polls in Florida  https://t.co/EhSFxH8N8U
Super PACs should be disavowed by anyone running for President. They are a total scam on our system and country! I am self-funding.
Thank you @rushlimbaugh for your wonderful words. We will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Happy Birthday to my wonderful daughter, @IvankaTrump.
Thank you @Morning_Joe for explaining to @CNN and @andersoncooper and so many others that I am leading in almost all national &amp; state polls.
Thank you @CharlesHurt for  the nice words on @seanhannity. I will win and Make America Great Again!
Loved doing the debate last night on @CNBC. Check out all of the polls! Everyone agrees that Harwood bombed!
Wow, just heard really bad stuff about the failing  @politico. How much longer  will they be around? Some very untalented reporters.
My interview on @ThisWeekABC with @GStephanopoulos had a 40%+ ratings increase over same Sunday last year. 20% over last week.
Post-Debate via @OANN. Thank you!#Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain https://t.co/VHyPDZFKPZ
I was #1 on Twitter -- and so positive. Thank you! https://t.co/7JBjeWt6XK
Join me Tuesday, Nov. 3rd at 12pm in Trump Tower NYC.  I’ll be signing copies of my new book CRIPPLED AMERICA.  Don’t miss it!
.@SpeakerRyan Congratulations and good luck - you will do a GREAT job for our wonderful U.S.A.!
Failing host @glennbeck, a mental basketcase, loves SUPERPACS - in other words, he wants your politicians totally controlled by lobbyists!
Via @Slate: Who won the #GOPDebate? https://t.co/YHsCQpG63v
CNBC poll: Trump won #GOPDebate #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 https://t.co/JEyniIGJPJ https://t.co/wEdauo3Drm
Thank you! https://t.co/MEIiUqKeS9
Thank you to everybody for your wonderful comments on my debate performance - it was a lot of fun! Today I will be speaking in Reno, Nevada.
Thank you @morningmika and @JoeNBC  for all of your nice words and comments on the debate!
The money losing @politico is considered by many in the world of politics to be the dumbest and most slanted of the political sites. Losers!
Drudge Poll on who won the 3rd #GOPDebate. Thank you! https://t.co/lCdolIJMsL
Thank you Colorado! An honor to win @NBC @9News #GOPDebate Poll. https://t.co/rvnUQemej0
Thank you, Jonathan. Greatly appreciated! https://t.co/eW0qDCax8P
Thanks, @PiersMorgan. You're great!
The #CNBCGOPDebate poll closed with #Trump2016 declared the official winner. Thank you! https://t.co/3mFHLcSbwD https://t.co/ZPiXAR5rFC
Thank you! #GOPDebate MakeAmericaGreatAgain https://t.co/u6bJBPu30T https://t.co/UB8XqapdzZ
Thanks everyone, they all said  I won the debate. Even won the @CNBC Poll!
Via @MailOnline "Trump still in the lead by a whopping 14 points after fluke survey had put Carson on top"-  https://t.co/tfaOARLoZb
@CNBC  POLL  TOTAL: TRUMP 25.22  CARSON 19.78  RUBIO 9.67....
.@TheEconomist Poll, one of the most highly respected, was just released. Wow, wait until the media digests these numbers - won't be happy!
I'm sure the media will not report the highly respected new national poll that just came out via The Economist. 32%! https://t.co/aalSqnGHa3
Does anybody think that @CNBC will get their fictitious  polling numbers corrected sometime prior to the start of the debate. Sad!
.@Morning_Joe can you believe Kasie Hunt's poor and purposely inaccurate reporting on my great night and crowd in Iowa. @politico is a scam!
.@CNBC continues to report fictious poll numbers. Number one, based on every statistic, is Trump (by a wide margin). They just can't say it!
After a great evening and packed auditorium in Iowa, I am now in Colorado looking forward to what I am sure will be a very unfair debate!
Thank you Iowa! Great night---see you soon! #Trump2016 https://t.co/aCHH90cNRg
Via the Washington Post: Inside the World of Donald Trump's Super Fans: https://t.co/QL6VhkZ8pm
Just out, wonderful poll in North Carolina. #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain https://t.co/xdZGkdtNev
I am leaving for Sioux City, Iowa - great event (rally).
National GOP Presidential Poll via @OANN @realDonaldTrump 35.6% #Trump2016 https://t.co/Mvcj1ZH3Ql
"Trump's National Lead Increases to 35.6% Going into the Third GOP Debate it's Trump, Carson and Rubio" https://t.co/8SJazkQ3I1 …
Thank you @SahilKapur for the wonderful story.   https://t.co/3ipTylrLzz
New Gravis national poll just out --- 36%! Very nice! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Dopey @BillKristol, who has lost all credibility with so many dumb statements and  picks, said last week on @Morning_Joe that Biden was in.
#TrumpTODAY Watch my appearance on the @TODAYshow from this morning https://t.co/9NbOEguzU1
All Presidential candidates should immediately disavow their Super PAC’s. They're not only breaking the spirit of the law but the law itself
Re Super PAC scam:  What the other candidates are doing is a disgrace.
This whole Super PAC scam is very unfair to a person like me who has disavowed all PAC's &amp; is self-funding.
Ben Carson wants to abolish Medicare - I want to save it and Social Security.
Leaving for New Hampshire now. Will be doing the @TODAYshow there, live at 7:00 A.M. New @CBSNews Poll of New Hampshire: Trump 38 Carson 12!
An aerial shot of Jacksonville crowd yesterday! I may as well show you because the media won't. #Trump2016 https://t.co/iJf87UVMEt
Remember that Carson, Bush and Rubio are VERY weak on illegal immigration. They will do NOTHING to stop it. Our country will be overrun!
Do you think I will get credit for keeping Ford in U.S. Who cares, my supporters know the truth. Think what can be done as president!
Word is that Ford Motor, because of my constant badgering at packed events, is going to cancel their deal to go to Mexico and stay in U.S.
.@ByronYork  Great numbers from @CBSNews Poll. Also from ABC-Washington Post Poll. Thank you!  @CNN
Do you believe that @FoxNews is still playing up the old Iowa poll numbers and no mention of the ABCWashington Post or just out CBS results?
.@CBSNews Poll - WOW!  New Hampshire  TRUMP 38% CARSON 12% BUSH 8%  South Carolina TRUMP 40% CARSON 23% CRUZ 8% Iowa TRUMP 27% CARSON 27%
Watch my interview on @CBSNews Face The Nation now and, also, the new CBS POLLS which, if good for me, the media won't report!
Big poll comes out today on Face The Nation at 10:30 on @CBSNews.
Watch @CNN at 9:00 A.M. @jaketapper. Then interviewed on @ABC @GStephanopoulos at 10:00 A.M. and then, at 10:30 A.M., watch Face The Nation.
Ben Carson has never created a job in his life (well, maybe a nurse). I have created tens of thousands of jobs, it's what I do.
I spell out some of the differences between Ben Carson and myself at 9:00 A.M. on @CNN @jaketapper. Ben is very weak on illegal immigration.
A big POLL will be announced this morning on @CBSNews  Face The Nation. I wonder if I do well if the press will report the results? Doubt it
This is just not the right time for Jeb Bush. His campaign is in total disarray, too much staff being paid way too much money = U.S. GOVT.
I will be doing a major sit down interview on State of the Union With Jake Tapper at 9:00 A.M. on @CNN. Enjoy!
While Jeb Bush is cutting staff and salaries, after having paid ridiculous amounts of money, why did he pay so much in the first place?
.@JebBush is slashing campaign salaries, people making millions. If he can't manage his campaign, how can he manage our countries finances?
.@JebBush had a tiny 300 person crowd at Senator Tim Scott's forum. I had thousands, and they had real passion! https://t.co/osBW3TM4UO
.@JebBush is totally lost -- he spends too much time managing the bloated staff of his campaign &amp; not enough talking about America's future.
Expecting a great crowd of amazing people. Questions will be live! #TrumpToday
I will be doing the @TodayShow live from New Hampshire at 7am on Monday morning. #TrumpToday
Will be doing a sit down interview with  @JakeTapper @CNN on Sunday morning at 9:00. Tough questions and hopefully very good answers!
Just finished speaking in Jacksonville, Florida. Incredible crowd, fantastic people. Thank you!
Saying goodbye to some of my great workers at @TrumpDoral in Miami. https://t.co/C8AG3eGSus
Leaving for Jacksonville now. See you there! Miami was great.
Massive crowds already forming in Jacksonville - will be and incredible day - 12 noon!  MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Crowd was amazing tonight at Trump National Doral in Miami. Love and excitement in the ballroom. Tomorrow at noon in Jacksonville!
So nice of @Cher--- greatly appreciated! https://t.co/11hmnFEP1S
Remember, official campaign merchandise (hats, apparel etc.) can only be bought at https://t.co/SXUUL7l8vp. Be careful, don't get ripped-off
The young intern who accidentally did a Retweet apologizes.
Joe, thanks for not running! https://t.co/yYAMVXWc7t
#ChrisWallace, who interviewed me on Sunday, had his highest ratings since Feb of '09. Congratulations!  https://t.co/o49V73AZZB
"Trump Nears 100 days on Top" via The Hill https://t.co/MDzpY89TRE
Can u believe that Jeb Bush’s campaign manager is in Berlin, Germany looking for money? What’s he giving to Germany? https://t.co/HDdWRBteNe
I think Joe Biden made correct decision for him &amp; his family. Personally, I would rather run against Hillary because her record is so bad.
The great workers who just completed the skylight at Trump International Hotel, D.C. (Old Post Office) https://t.co/wEj6IjyBDK
.@TrumpToronto was just voted the #1 hotel in Canada in Conde Nast Traveler’s prestigious Reader’s Choice Awards  https://t.co/Uc9Txu7O8g
New poll by ABC News/Washington Post  TRUMP 32  CARSON 22  RUBIO 10  BUSH 7  Wow, how will the media put a negative spin on this one?
I will be interviewed on @GMA Good Morning America at 7:00 A.M. @ABC will be announcing new poll numbers. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Just out: Boston Herald/Franklin Pierce Poll  N.H.  TRUMP 28 (up 10)  CARSON 16  BUSH 9  RUBIO 6  CRUZ 5  Press will say they are surging!
.@GMA at 7:00 A.M.
.@MonicaCrowley you were GREAT on @seanhannity tonight. Thank you for the nice words!
I will be interviewed on @GMA Good Morning America tomorrow at 7:00 A.M. Big new ABC poll coming out - I hope I do well!
.@seanhannity at 10:00.
.@KarlRove  Had my best day ever in the polls, one had me at 41% - Morning Consult. Boston Globe, Monmouth, NBC and CNN all great. More!
I will be interviewed on @seanhannity tonight at 10:00. You will find it very interesting (I hope). Enjoy!
Both Aberdeen and Turnberry in Scotland, and the soon to open Doonbeg in Ireland, blow Bandon Dunes away. Bandon is a toy by comparison!
"Donald Trump tops Franklin-Pierce/Herald poll at 28 percent in N.H."  https://t.co/gXXJ4YhKIW
Lots of great new polls--big leads!  https://t.co/Og4SN4eXbO     https://t.co/xJaAWC9RgO     https://t.co/8FyxYEna0h
I will be on @seanhannity tonight at 10 PM @FoxNews. #Hannity
Bill Clinton wants to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain https://t.co/rVOZHzrlEB
Tonight's official count--7,943. An all time record for the Anderson Civic Center in SC! Thanks! #Trump2016 https://t.co/bMJcymz1Qp
See, the attack  very possibly could have been stopped. We need real leadership and vision. https://t.co/JA1Fo5H6FP
Via @IBTimes: "Under Fire From Donald Trump, Jeb Bush Focuses On 9/11 Even Though Hijackers Got Florida Licenses"https://t.co/a9s6mHsk07
Interesting reading re September 11th http://t.co/eFgd00dZQO
NEW POLL: Trump Blue Collar Support highest since FDR in 1930s--WOW! http://t.co/fnRIXJWCVf
Bruce Willis wearing my hat on @FallonTonight last Friday- http://t.co/d2PlEBk3m2
Jeb is fighting to defend a catastrophic event. I am fighting to make sure it doesn't happen again.Jeb is too soft-we need tougher &amp; sharper
It's really cold outside, they are calling it a major freeze, weeks ahead of normal. Man, we could use a big fat dose of global warming!
Best thing my supporters can do if you don't like the way @megynkelly and her puppets unfairly treat "us" is don't watch her show!
Fox News Sunday With Chris Wallace will be re-broadcast on @FoxNews  at 6:00 P.M.
Just reported by CNN that "the Trump halo effect"  caused a record-shattering Democratic Debate rating of 15.3 million viewers. So true!
It's amazing that some of the dumbest people on television work for the Wall Street Journal, in particular a real dope named Charles Lane!
I will be interviewed by Chris Wallace at 2:00 P.M. on @FoxNews - Turn off the football for 15 minutes, Make America Great Again!
Replay of Fox News Sunday With Chris Wallace at 2:00 P.M. on @FoxNews. Big statement made by Chris!
I should release the sad and totally apologetic letter that Penn @pennjillette hand delivered to me. Minds would be changed very fast!
Does everyone remember   @MittRomney and his famous remarks about "self-deportation" and "47%". He was done. I don't need his angry advice!
.@MittRomney and his campaign manager should not be critical of candidates after they blew an election that should never have been lost!
.@MittRomney  can only speak negatively about my presidential chances because I have been openly hard on his terrible "choke" loss to Obama!
.@FoxNewsSunday
Jeb, why did your brother attack and destabalize the Middle East by attacking Iraq when there were no weapons of mass destruction? Bad info?
This morning Chris Wallace has the best political show on television - but that's only because I'm on it (kidding)! Have fun.
Jeb Bush should stop trying to defend his brother and focus on his own shortcomings and how to fix them. Also, Rubio is hitting him hard!
On at 9:00A.M. or 10:00 A.M. (depending on your location)  on Fox is a tough but really good interview with Chris Wallace. Enjoy!
Amazing! Thank you!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016http://t.co/fnRIXJWCVf
Good news for those that want to Make America Great Again - I am winning every poll in every STATE and NATIONAL - and by big numbers! Thanks
I will be interviewed on Fox News Sunday With Chris Wallace at 9:00 A.M. or 10:00 A.M. (depending on location). Will be tough but good!
A great story in the New York Post ---really well written!http://t.co/ZXFte8aqYf
Russia and the world has already started to respect us again!http://t.co/3hdsUtMHim
Via Business Insider: Donald Trump's Poll Dominance in 2 Key States is Mind-Blowing- http://t.co/FqIApU6gVC
Via CNET: Donald Trump Bests Jeb Bush in Website Performance, Experts Say- http://t.co/ioHAZOT8lK
.@HillaryClinton is on the front page of the @nytimes waving to 200 people in New Hampshire. My crowd next door was 5,000 people – no pic!
Thank you @thefix for your very honest commentary. One thing, we do have great teams in IA, NH, SC and beyond. https://t.co/ZVQiw6CpCO
.@KatrinaPierson, you did a fantastic job tonight on @FoxNews. Thank you for your very tough and very smart representation!
.@JebBush, like it or not, our country needs more energy and spirit than you can provide! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
No @JebBush, you’re pathetic for saying nothing happened during your brother’s term when the World Trade Center was attacked and came down.
.@JebBush,At the debate you said your brother kept us safe- I wanted to be nice &amp; did not mention the WTC came down during his watch, 9/11.
In Massachusetts --- the place is packed! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Heading to Boston to see another huge crowd! My friend Tom Brady is a great competitor and golf partner. https://t.co/lWpbffq5bp
Rumor has it that the grubby head of failing @VanityFair Magazine, "Sloppy" Graydon Carter, is going to be fired or replaced very soon?
A great new poll-33%! http://t.co/3EheiVyD5A
Nice story from @businessinsider http://t.co/O0snYivV0M
.@scottienhughes  Keep up the great work Scottie. Polls are best ever!
.@EricTrump was FANTASTIC on @foxandfriends this morning. He may be my son but he is a special guy!
.@CNBC has just agreed that the debate will be TWO HOURS. Fantastic news for all, especially the millions of people who will be watching!
Every poll, Time, Drudge, Slate and others, said I won both debates - but heard Megyn Kelly had her two puppets say bad stuff. I don't watch
.@marcthiessen is a failed Bush speechwriter whose work was so bad that he has never been able to make a comeback. A third rate talent!
Megyn Kelly has two really dumb puppets, Chris Stirewalt &amp; Marc Threaten (a Bushy) who do exactly what she says. All polls say I won debates
Will be on @bloombergtv tomorrow with @sruhle. Enjoy!
Why is the @GOP being asked to do a debate that is so much longer than the just-aired and very boring #DemDebate?
.@CNBC is pushing the @GOP around by asking for extra time (and no criteria) in order to sell more commercials.
The @GOP should not agree to the ridiculous debate terms that @CNBC is asking unless there is a major benefit to the party.
.@KevinHart4real joined @woodmank104 @katek104 @K1047 &amp; was asked about his thoughts on @realDonaldTrump #Trump2016 Thanks Kevin--so nice!
A great day in New Jersey for Trump! http://t.co/IdaYonGiL4 &amp; http://t.co/YsqPfea6KE
Signing my tax return.... http://t.co/XJfXeaORbU
I'm very proud of my daughter Ivanka. Great interview.   http://t.co/aNL95tOVrO
Incredible crowd in Richmond, Virginia tonight! So much spirit and energy! #makeamericagreatagain https://t.co/B0PfF9AdZf
Just did @OReillyFactor. Will be back on at 11pm on @FoxNews.
CNN Poll just out on South Carolina – great #’s http://t.co/E6do3oi10Z
.@andersoncooper did an excellent job of hosting the #DemDebate last night. Tough, firm, but fair.
CNN/ORC Poll results just out for Nevada—WOW! Trump 38, Carson 22, Fiorina 8, Bush 6, Cruz 4  http://t.co/X2Kv6qzPia
Steven Tyler got more publicity on his song request than he’s gotten in ten years. Good for him!
Even though I have the legal right to use Steven Tyler’s song, he asked me not to. Have better one to take its place!
Will be going to Richmond, Virginia today. Big crowd! See you there.
The debate last night proved that Hillary is running against the “B” team. She won’t be so lucky when it comes to me!
We need a strong leader- and fast! https://t.co/UVhbC0JNxD
#DemDebate was really boring but had a lot of fun live tweeting and picked up by far the most followers.
Like her or not, Hillary did what she had to do in the debate last night—get through it. Her opponents were very gentle and soft!
The latest book on Hillary—Wow, a really tough one! http://t.co/ZCoUAutdI8  @RogerJStoneJr
Check out OAN and compare to what you are watching now!
Notice that illegal immigrants will be given ObamaCare and free college tuition but nothing has been mentioned about our VETERANS #DemDebate
Sanders said only black lives matter - wow! Hillary did not answer question!
Sorry, there is no STAR on the stage tonight!
Good move by Bernie S.
The hardest thing Clinton has to do is defend her bad decision making including Iraq vote, e-mails etc.
All are very scripted and rehearsed, two (at least) should not be on the stage.
Who is winning the debate so far (just last name)? #DemDebate
O'Malley, as former Mayor of Baltimore, has very little chance.
Can anyone imagine Chafee as president? No way.
The trade deal is a disaster, she was always for it! #DemDebate
Get rid of all of these commercials. #DemDebate
Putin is not feeling too nervous or scared.   #DemDebate
We will all have fun and hopefully learn something tonight. I will shoot straight and call it as I see it, both the good and the bad. Enjoy!
Should be interesting but too bad the three guys at«1% will be taking up so much time -  but who knows, maybe a star will be born (unlikely)
Live from New York- November 7th! @nbcsnl http://t.co/rfEE86Mbbp
It was just announced that I will be hosting Saturday Night Live on Nov. 7th --  look forward to it! http://t.co/D74EQyvR0P
"Exclusive--Davi: Trump, The Lion We Need"  http://t.co/OYnWVnfsge
How can Jeb Bush expect to deal with China, Russia + Iran if he gets caught doing a “plant” during my speech yesterday in NH?
So nice, thank you very much.  https://t.co/OmbuWUHA0m
Everybody's talking about my doing twitter during the likely very boring debate tonight. @realDonaldTrump #DemDebate
Very honored: "Trump Is Tops As Clinton Drops In Connecticut Primaries, Quinnipiac University Poll Finds"     http://t.co/6d8WiLa8fB
The arrogant young woman who questioned me in such a nasty fashion at No Labels yesterday was a Jeb staffer! HOW CAN HE BEAT RUSSIA &amp; CHINA?
Sheldon Adelson is looking to give big dollars to Rubio because he feels he can mold him into his perfect little puppet. I agree!
Someone should inform @CNN that, despite spending millions of $'s on graphics, it is not the Democratic Debate, rather the Democrat (s) D!
At the request of many, and even though I expect it to be a very boring two hours, I will be covering the Democrat Debate live on twitter!
Will be interviewed by @SeanHannity on @foxnews at 10PM tonight. Enjoy!
Thank you. https://t.co/hFDFvwMY7Q
Via RealClear Politics  http://t.co/U7JPpgszvn
Leaving soon after a great time in New Hampshire, a truly special place!
Great, everyone is saying I did much better on @60Minutes  last week than President Obama did tonight. I agree!
President Obama was terrible on @60Minutes tonight. He said CLIMATE CHANGE is the most important thing, not all of the current disasters!
I will be on Face The Nation (CBS) today at 10:30 A.M. and Media Buzz (Fox News) at 11:00 A.M. Enjoy!
Just got back from Georgia. The crowds and love for U.S. was so amazing! We all had a great day together - will be back soon!
Little Barry Diller, who lost a fortune on Newsweek and Daily Beast, only writes badly about me. He is a sad and pathetic figure. Lives lie!
Via Breitbart - "Riding High in Polls Donald Trump Storms the American South to Overflow Crowds in Georgia"http://t.co/iLcaMZxc82
With the fantastic ratings last weekend, @meetthepress &amp; @ThisWeekABC, I think it’s only fair that I go on @FoxNewsSunday w/ Chris Wallace.
Will be interviewed on @FaceTheNation with @JDickerson tomorrow at 10:30am EST. Enjoy!
My interview with @HowardKurtz on #MediaBuzz will air tomorrow on @Fox at 11am and 5pm. Great job Howie, very insightful.
.@ThisWeekABC with @GStephanopoulos had fantastic numbers last Sunday --- Trump interview. Nice!
Thank you Georgia! I had a great afternoon with all of you! I will be back soon. #MakeAmerciaGreatAgain http://t.co/gkFoShg2xh
.@ChuckTodd just informed us that my interview last week on @MeetthePress was their highest rated show in 4 years. Congrats!
I'm leading big in every poll and we are going to WIN! Remember, Trump NEVER gives up!
Paul Ryan is far from my first choice, but a very nice guy. The Republicans should go for tough and (very) smart this time - no games!
Heading for Atlanta tomorrow morning for noon speech at North Atlanta Trade Center. Big crowds, great people!
Will be interviewed on "Media Buzz" with Howie Kurtz on Fox, Sunday at 11:00 A.M.
Great Gravis Poll on the great state of NH. Also, watch @FaceTheNation on CBS &amp; @HowardKurtz #mediabuzz -- both on Sunday.
Mark--They could use you.  https://t.co/tOJ3ecOjNZ
Good luck to the US Men’s National Team in tomorrow’s CONCACAF Cup vs. Mexico!  It should be a great game!  https://t.co/nH31afzjNz
New Gravis Poll in NH just out:  Trump 32%, Carson 13%  http://t.co/mJcWOEijkv
Crowd gathers to hear Trump speech in Las Vegas http://t.co/ox6YyCV5s4
Thank you. https://t.co/VSsa4N3OL7
True. Thanks.  https://t.co/BjNeF2YFvq
Thanks. https://t.co/aZXLgvWeGm
I will be going to Atlanta, Georgia tomorrow—here’s the info: http://t.co/Ty3VYUMphm. Hope to see you there! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
I will be interviewed on @FacetheNation Sunday 10AM on CBS. @johndickerson is a true pro!
Thanks Larry. Best wishes.  https://t.co/AZwPbSjj7T
Good luck! Enjoy. https://t.co/ddfPtVYpXv
Will be interviewed on @Morning_Joe at 7:20. Great crowd in Las Vegas yesterday!
I was so happy when I heard that @Politico, one of the most dishonest political outlets, is losing a fortune. Pure scum!
.@EWErickson ran @RedState into the ground. A change was necessary. Congratulations to @RedState and good luck in the future!
.@EWErickson is a total low life--- read his past tweets. A dummy with no “it” factor. Will fade fast.
A great event in Las Vegas, Nevada! http://t.co/LI75orkoqT
Just leaving Las Vegas. Unbelievable crowd! Many Hispanics who love me and I love them! https://t.co/t7hzDV9wEr
Thank you! https://t.co/bFSu7j5mCq
Thanks. https://t.co/FgcU1Ih3ew
Website Exposing Marco ‘Amnesty’ Rubio Goes Live: A ‘Donor Class Puppet’? - Breitbart    http://t.co/GArR1v5736
'The goal is to be the winner': Donald Trump's campaign is for real. Via The Guardian   http://t.co/7yP6iW2srp
"This Man Is the Most Dangerous Political Operative in America"  via Bloomberg Politics  http://t.co/5htys6nqtR
Washington (D.C.) is such a mess - nothing works! I will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!  It's not going to happen with anyone else.
Great, Kevin McCarthy drops out of SPEAKER race. We need a really smart and really tough person to take over this very  important job!
I'm at Trump Int'l Hotel in Las Vegas, tallest/most beautiful building in town. Speaking to another great crowd at Treasure Island (12 noon)
What a time we all had in Iowa yesterday, massive overflow crowd. Love them!
Wow, great news! I hear @EWErickson of Red State was fired like a dog. If you read his tweets, you'll understand why. Just doesn't have IT!
I hear @glennbeck is in big trouble. Unlike me, his viewers &amp; ratings are way down &amp; he has become irrelevant—glad I didn’t do his show.
Wacky @glennbeck who always seems to be crying (worse than Boehner) speaks badly of me only because I refuse to do his show--a real nut job!
Just arrived in Las Vegas for a packed house speech tomorrow. Big poll results today, Leading big everywhere. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Iowa was amazing today. Great crowd, great people. Thanks, will be back soon!
.@stuartpstevens made some of the dumbest political decisions of all time in helping Romney to get destroyed by Obama. Should have won!
Just found out I won the Rockingham County Republican Booth Straw Poll at the Deerfield Fair in New Hampshire this past weekend. 39% ---Wow!
.@politico has no power,  but so dishonest!
I wonder why somebody doesn't do something about the clowns @politico and their totally dishonest reporting.
Heading to a packed house in Waterloo, Iowa! Will celebrate today's great poll numbers together. See you soon!
If Stuart Stevens' book is as bad as his horrible political advice to Mitt Romney, don't waste your money. Arrogant guy but a zero!
Ben Carson was speaking in general terms as to what he would do if confronted with a gunman, and was not criticizing the victims. Not fair!
True! https://t.co/v3Y6exaQGY
I will be on @SpecialReport with @BretBaier tonight at 6PM. http://t.co/iEh3RHp98S
"Labor Unions Giving Serious Thought to Endorsing Trump" via Washington Examiner  http://t.co/XrEpSyuDsj
Crooked @club4growth has given up advertising in Iowa on me—remember they wanted my million dollars—I said no—total frauds!
.@WayneNewtonMrLV  Wayne, such a pleasant surprise--so nice. Thank you very much.
Don't ever forget, we will, together, MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
So, so, so important - MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Political strategist Stuart Stevens,who led Romney down the tubes in what should have been an easy victory,has terrible political instincts!
Thoughts and prayers for those in the floods affecting the great people of South Carolina.
The incompetence of our current administration is beyond comprehension. TPP is a terrible deal.
For all of my fantastic  supporters, and for the U.S.A., we are going to win and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN, maybe greater than ever before!
I'm leading by big margins in every poll but the press keeps asking, would you ever get out? They are just troublemakers, I'm going to win!
Will be interviewed by @chucktodd on @meetthepress at 10:30 A.M.
Will be interviewed by @GStephanopoulos on @ABC    at 10:00 A.M.
The people of Tennessee yesterday were amazing. Thank you!
Tune in to see me on @ThisWeekABC with @GStephanopoulos at 10am ET. Enjoy!
I will be on @MeetThePress with @ChuckTodd tomorrow morning at 10:30am ET on @NBC. Enjoy!
Just leaving Nashville, Tennessee. Had a great time with a fabulous crowd of people! Love Nashville -- back soon! http://t.co/CS8DOd8wfm
Rubio was very disloyal to Bush, his mentor, when he decided to run against him. Both said they "love" each other.They don't - word is hate!
Bush and Rubio are finally attacking each other, as I knew they would, in order to be the last "establishment" man standing against me.Great
Thank you @megynkelly for the nice things you said about Melania. You will like her, great heart and smart - always wanting to help people!
Pictures of my beautiful mother, amazing father, and family hanging @MontesKitchen in upstate, New York. http://t.co/lvx5SEhQVv
Congratulations to my brother Robert &amp; Ann Marie on the success of @MontesKitchen in Dutchess County, New York (Amenia.) Great food!
Will be in Nashville, Tennessee, tomorrow (Saturday) at 2:30 P.M. So much to talk about - see you there!
I was so looking forward to being in Virginia Beach, Virginia, today. The demand for tickets was amazing. Good luck with storm, back soon!
My warmest condolences to the families of the horrible Roseburg, Oregon, shootings.
I will be interviewed on @seanhannity tonight at 10:00. Many things, mostly bad, to talk about!
.@MittRomney is trying to hit back at me because I'm saying that he let the Repub Party down w/ his loss to Obama. Should've won—he choked!
Thanks. https://t.co/OJ0mbxv1uc
Just got back from New Hampshire. Great crowd, great people! Will be back soon!
"Trump’s Tax Plan: A Proposal Reagan Would Approve?" by Jeff Bell  http://t.co/KmPeSwvslr
I will be interviewed by @donlemon tonight on @CNN at 10PM.
Interesting, polls on who won the GOP debate. http://t.co/iB6NGQsg5v
Wow, so nice! Thank you Wayne Allyn Root. http://t.co/dZuLHDZSoI
Great news! Just out--the highly respected USA Today/Suffolk University Poll. Enjoy! https://t.co/11pDloDTHV
Anyone reading this profile of Marco Rubio would never vote for him. Never made ten cents &amp; is totally controlled!http://t.co/KA0LvfFJfM
Highly respected economist @Larry_Kudlow is a big fan of my tax plan—thank you Larry. http://t.co/VT8Y7c8PSn
Rubio is totally owned by the lobbyists and special interests. A lightweight senator with the worst voting record in Senate. Lazy!
Just read that "Trump" has the largest (and I add most enthusiastic) crowds. Tonight I will be in New Hampshire - the place will be packed!
I watched lightweight Senator  Marco Rubio, who is all talk and no action, defend his WEAK position on illegal immigration. Pathetic!
Great! https://t.co/Je440dDZbs
Carl Icahn said this about me:  "I think at this moment in time, he’s the only candidate that speaks out about the country’s problems."
Definitely watch @Carl_C_Icahn ‘s ‘Danger Ahead’. Very insightful, particularly on how corp inversions hurt America: http://t.co/PJN89SwvTF
I hope when Rand Paul gets out of the race—he is at 1%--his supporters come over to me. I will do a much better job for them.
Prediction: Rand Paul has been driven out of the race by my statements about him-- he will announce soon. 1%!
Do you believe this - Iran wants to trade our 3 prisoners (not 4) for 19 prisoners held by the U.S. Should have been let go with last deal!
Wow, the ratings for @60Minutes last night were their biggest in a year--- very nice!
"The GOP Debate Scorecard: Donald Trump and Energy"  by Wayne Allyn Root. http://t.co/MmFJeGRNf8
Zogby Poll: Trump Widens Lead After GOP Debate  http://t.co/YAZyKwVxNJ
Conservative? Jeb Bush doubled Florida State debt!http://t.co/kDOyCqwuqI
Will be doing @OutFrontCNN with @ErinBurnett tonight at 7 pm re: tax reductions and various other topics.
Thanks. http://t.co/SXUUL7l8vp https://t.co/FbNl1G5Awg
I know you will enjoy reading my tax plan- http://t.co/FxtUQNXEFH #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
LIVE on #Periscope: Tax Plan Press Conference#Trump2016  https://t.co/DQQS5d9R3O
Looking forward to press conference on taxes at 11AM at @TrumpTowerNY.
Hope we all enjoy  @60Minutes tomorrow night. I do believe they will treat me fairly!
Marco Rubio is a member of the Gang Of Eight or, very weak on stopping illegal immigration. Only changed when poll numbers crashed.
Lightweight Senator Marco Rubio is VERY weak on immigration, knows nothing about finance and would be incapable of making great trade deals!
An updated POLL tracker (with all polls thru the weekend) reveals I maintained a double digit lead at… https://t.co/FGxhzluIJA
Just left Oklahoma--- the most amazing crowd and people! What a night!
Thank you @FrankLuntz  https://t.co/gpJBNXKV3e
I will be on @cbs @60minutes this Sunday. A great honor-- hope you enjoy it.
.@THR "The Donald Trump Ratings Bump: Who's Benefiting Most?" http://t.co/uNdO1kRfus
.@TheHill- Trump on Boehner resignation: 'It's a good thing' http://t.co/flB93n4FoK
.....Has worst attendance record in Senate- rarely there to vote on a bill! @marcorubio
.@MarcoRubio is weak on illegal immigration and will allow anyone into the country.....
Dishonest @politico just called to say that none of the polls including Fox, NBC, CNN, Zogby, &amp; Morning Consult matter. Serious haters.
At the Old Post Office- http://t.co/8Rs1fbcAIz
I am now inspecting the Old Post Office on Pennsylvania Avenue - will be a great hotel. Soon off to the Oklahoma State Fair!
.....Ahead of schedule and under budget! Will be in Oklahoma tonight!
Great reception in D.C. At the Values Voter Summit. Now checking on my job at the Old Post Office...
.@megynkelly, the @FoxNews   poll said very plainly I came in second in the debate. All others, Time, Drudge, Slate etc. said I came in 1st.
Just watched @marcorubio on television. Just another all talk, no action, politician. Truly doesn't have a clue! Worst voting record in Sen.
Wow, a really nice lead in New Hampshire--- an increase since my last poll! http://t.co/Cr0OOd5Loi
The failing @politico news outlet, which I hear is losing lots of money, is really dishonest!
.@politico, which is not read or respected by many, may be the most dishonest of the media outlets--- and that is saying something.
Dishonest @nytimes reporter Jonathan Martin refused to acknowledge massive crowd surge forward… https://t.co/9Emtq4NdbZ
Bloomberg: Trump leads GOP field https://t.co/kWqWeRzIkl
Despite the establishment and the media’s best efforts, the people are speaking loudly and clearly. Thank you to my amazing supporters!
New Bloomberg Poll: Trump Leads Big http://t.co/Eu0rMDbUPW
So happy about my daughter @IvankaTrump’s announcement that she will be having a baby this spring. Congratulations!
Will be on @Morning_Joe at 6:30 A.M.
Will be on @CNN at 7:00 A.M.
.@FoxNews owes me an apology for allowing clueless pundit @RichLowry to use such foul language on TV. Unheard of!
Incompetent @RichLowry lost it tonight on @FoxNews. He should not be allowed on TV and the FCC should fine him!
Wow! What a great night. Thank you to all of the viewers and congratulations to @StephenAtHome http://t.co/5rq2iMpHx6 @colbertlateshow
.@FoxNews has been treating me very unfairly &amp; I have therefore decided that I won't be doing any more Fox shows for the foreseeable future.
Yogi Berra was not only a great baseball player, he was a great guy. Yogi will be missed. https://t.co/bC9pIOnmEh
Headline reads" Rubio passes Bush in Florida poll" -- Unfair, because Trump destroys them both! Trump 31.5%, Rubio 19.2%, Bush 11.3%
.@JuliInkster  Congratulations on your great win--what a captain, what a champion!
I will be doing @colbertlateshow at 11:30 on CBS. Enjoy! http://t.co/VDzpYct3Aq
I will be the featured guest on the season opener of  @60Minutes this Sunday. There certainly is plenty to talk about!
Just remember, the birther movement was started by Hillary Clinton in 2008. She was all in!
I think @megynkelly should take another eleven day "unscheduled" vacation.
Do you ever notice that lightweight @megynkelly constantly goes after me but when I hit back it is totally  sexist. She is highly overrated!
Senator Marco "amnesty" Rubio, who has worst voting record in Senate, just hit me on national security-but I said don't go into Iraq. VISION
I will be on the @colbertlateshow tonight at 11:30 http://t.co/BnCG1XqvcW
Yom Kippur blessings to all of my friends in Israel and around the world. #YomKippur
Morning Consult poll: "Trump Leads"  http://t.co/61LFN0pfSw
2016 Republican Primary Morning Consult Poll was just released. TRUMP 32, CARSON 12, BUSH 11, FIORINA 6, RUBIO 5, CRUZ 5. Taken after debate
.@RichLowry is truly one of the dumbest of the talking  heads - he doesn't have a clue!
I am having a really hard time watching @FoxNews.
.@oreillyfactor, why don't you have some knowledgeable talking heads on your show for a change instead of the same old Trump haters. Boring!
.@oreillyfactor was very negative to me in refusing to to post the great polls that came out today including NBC. @FoxNews not good for me!
Via HuffPost Pollster #1 http://t.co/IXCbCtDUIp
I will be interviewed tonight at 7pm ET by @greta #OnTheRecord
I got to know @ScottWalker well—he’s a very nice person and has a great future.
Thank you Dan--I agree! Best wishes. https://t.co/DAEomTNoMq
#AskTrump @TwitterNYC http://t.co/hJHO1Rk06y
I had a great time at @TwitterNYC #AskTrump http://t.co/RfWQdDPB33
I just wrapped up a Q&amp;A @TwitterNYC. Thanks for all your questions! #AskTrump http://t.co/zpbcRHfxy6
.@_Just_Mads_ #asktrump http://t.co/zElKKmMjTU
.@MarieLeff #asktrump http://t.co/ufCLFKeFrN
.@joycefinance #asktrump http://t.co/P8CwErG0lt
.@Modern_Do_Good #asktrump http://t.co/I7AaH7AVRw
.@ARealSuperMan #asktrump http://t.co/x2j6yiaBzU
.@HighSock_Sunday #asktrump http://t.co/qVakUzXZAb
.@KyleStephens30 #asktrump http://t.co/gjudtw87K7
.@EliseChristine #asktrump http://t.co/KV1NPNYJTC
.@MarketMavensInc #asktrump http://t.co/6uShpC3BM2
.@dixierhilton #asktrump http://t.co/dbK8jckT5s
#AskTrump Getting ready to answer your questions. http://t.co/MiSqyasjhu
Has the media picked up the new Zogby poll that was just put out? I doubt it! http://t.co/YAZyKwVxNJ
Jeb has been confused for forty years- https://t.co/MoqjlnwryJ
Carly Fiorina is terrible at business--the last thing our country needs! http://t.co/n7lO0llhK8
#AskTrump Send me your questions to answer live from @TwitterNYC later this afternoon.
New Zogby poll— highly respected— but the media won’t report it because it gives me an even bigger lead!     http://t.co/YAZyKwVxNJ
The @TODAYshow refused to use their just in poll numbers where I have a massive lead but instead used @CNN numbers where my lead is smaller.
Will be on @foxandfriends  now. Enjoy!
Carly Fiorina did such a horrible job at Lucent and HP, virtually destroying both companies, that she never got another CEO job offer! Pres.
We are going to WIN and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN, maybe better than ever before!
I am attracting the biggest crowds, by far, and the best poll numbers, also by far.   Much of the media is totally dishonest. So sad!
I have been leading big in all  polls, with two more today, @nbc and @CNN. The NBC poll is more than double next,  at 29%. Fiorina has 11%.
There is no way that Carly  Fiorina can become the Republican Nominee or win against the Dems. Boxer killed her for Senate in California!
I will be on @meetthepress at 10:30. @nbc will be releasing their new poll numbers. Based on the debate results, I should do well-who knows?
Thank you Faith and Freedom Forum &amp; @UrbandaleSchool. I had a great time in Iowa today! http://t.co/PeEEHTVtC8
A great night in Iowa! https://t.co/vfCRhwTkTU
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 http://t.co/O5v9oX3pyd
On my way to Iowa. Will be landing in Des Moines in two hours. See ya!
Christians need support in our country (and around the world), their religious liberty is at stake! Obama has been horrible, I will be great
If I would have challenged the man, the media would have accused me of interfering with that man's right of free speech. A no win situation!
If someone made a nasty or controversial statement about me to the president, do you really think he would come to my rescue? No chance!
This is the first time in my life that I have caused controversy by NOT saying something.
Am I morally obligated to defend the president every time somebody says something bad or controversial about him? I don't think so!
Looking forward to meeting the students of Urbandale High School tomorrow- http://t.co/Urj3Tic2e3
I’ve just released my position papers on The Second Amendment. https://t.co/ssFXVGWTIP
Thank you.  https://t.co/G4CLmowE4U
GIVE AMERICA BACK ITS DREAM!    -- Donald J. Trump
Wow, great post-debate poll: "Trump Increases Lead" via Breitbart  http://t.co/B3yJk2lJ8I
Would be really bad if columnist Mike Lupica left the @NYDailyNews.  A wonderful and talented guy!
Will be interviewed tonight by @seanhannity on @FoxNews at 10 PM. Enjoy!
Going to New Hampshire in a little while. Big crowds! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
Every poll done on debate last night, from Drudge to Newsmax to Time Magazine, had me winning in a landslide. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
Just announced that in the history of @CNN, last night’s debate was its highest rated ever. Will they send me flowers &amp; a thank you note?
#CNNDebate http://t.co/0r8fc2zzvY
#CNNDebate http://t.co/X4m9WfewX2
The #CNNDebate was amazing --- so much fun! http://t.co/tj3Cnqp3PU
#CNNDebate Winning the @drudge_report poll- http://t.co/fokcASBVuN
Thank you to Tom Brady, Coach Ditka, Coach Bobby Knight and all of the many champions that have been so supportive!
A great honor from somebody that knows how to win! https://t.co/syJH9OT0zX
Will be heading over to the debate soon. Can you believe @CNN is "milking" it for almost 3 hours? Too long, too many people on stage!
I hope Arnold S. does well with the Apprentice because he is a nice guy and also, because I get a big percentage of the profits!
Just finished the wonderful event on the U.S.S. Iowa. VETERANS FOR A STRONG AMERICA endorsed me. Such a great honor, thank you!
.@rushlimbaugh Rush, I am in LA inspecting property (big job creator) &amp; listening to you. You are truly fantastic--thanks!
The polls are really looking good—#1 everywhere despite all lobbyist &amp; special interest $ being spent against me. I’m turning down millions.
Everyone is talking about the incredible event we had in Dallas last night. Spectacular crowd &amp; arena! Thank you @mcuban.
.@club4growth asked me for $1 million. I said no. Now falsely advertising that I will raise taxes. I’ll lower big league for middle class.
My plan will lower taxes for our country, not raise them. Phony @club4growth says I will raise taxes—just another lie.
Little respected Club For Growth asked me for $1,000,000 - I said "NO". Now they are spending lobbyist and special interest money on ads!
Am now in L.A. Will be going to the U.S.S. IOWA at 5:30 P.M. to speak to our great VETERANS and other friends!
Our vets are treated like 3rd class citizens. Enough! Join me &amp; @V4SA on @USSIOWA at LA Waterfront to hear my plan for vets &amp; the military!
Loved Dallas and the tremendous crowd last night. Will be back!
I will rebuild the military, take care of vets and make the world respect the US again! Join me today. Info: http://t.co/oiPQsJt7fh
Speech in Dallas went really well. Big and wonderful crowd. Just arrived in L.A. Big day tomorrow!
Unbelievable crowd in Dallas! https://t.co/9HNgVyBJEz
Vets mistreated, NO border security? I’m with @V4SA this Tuesday 9/15 to #MakeAmericasMilitaryGreatAgain! Join us! http://t.co/oiPQsJt7fh
The event with me and @V4SA in L.A on 9/15 is turning out to be huge. Get your tickets before they're gone http://t.co/oiPQsJt7fh
Looking forward to joining @V4SA Tuesday 9/15 in L.A. aboard the @USSIowa - The Battleship of Presidents! Join us! http://t.co/oiPQsJt7fh
My opponents big bosses--lobbyists and donors--are trying to do damage. They will fail! Money down the drain!
Thanks Mark, will be fun. https://t.co/hzlkPLebET
To all my fans, sorry I couldn’t do The Apprentice any longer—but equal time (presidential run) prohibits me from doing so. Love!
Congrats to my friend @Schwarzenegger who is doing next season’s  Celebrity Apprentice. He'll be great &amp; will raise lots of $ for charity.
My honor, thank you.  https://t.co/0wKLnSIss6
Why is someone like George Pataki, who did a terrible job as Governor of N.Y. and registers ZERO in the polls, allowed on the debate stage?
Had a record crowd in Boone, Iowa. A fantastic day--- we will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain https://t.co/octCvAYQOO
I am having a great time in Iowa at Jack Trice Stadium! Unbelievable people.
Too many people on stage for debate. @RandPaul at 11th, with 2% in @RealClearNews, shouldn't be allowed to participate.
I truly understood the appeal of Ron Paul, but his son, @RandPaul, didn't get the right gene.
Lightweight Senator @RandPaul should focus on trying to get elected in Kentucky--- a great state which is embarrassed by him.
Donald Trump Sends @FallonTonight to Highest Friday Rating in 18 Months. @JimmyFallon, that is #HUGE!http://t.co/mRHdW7dOws
Trump’s Campaign Hat Becomes an Ironic Summer Accessory - The New York Times. http://t.co/XLELUQfxof
.@mercedesschlapp thank you so much for your kind words on television -- fantastic job and greatly appreciated!
Will be on @foxandfriends at 8:00. Enjoy!
Backstage with @jimmyfallon before opening skit- great fun! @fallontonight https://t.co/tOriFU4vr0
The Tonight Show @nbc will be amazing - 11:30 P.M.  ENJOY!
Amazing crowd outside @FallonTonight. Tune in tonight at 11:30. http://t.co/4dxoEV0wia
.@GovernorPerry is a terrific guy and I wish him well- I know he will have a great future!
On @FallonTonight with @jimmyfallon at 11:30 PM. Enjoy!
Via The Hill "No Tickets Left for Trump's Dallas Rally" http://t.co/mc5bPDt6s8
.@robertjeffress I greatly appreciate your kind words last night on @FoxNews. Have great love for the evangelicals -- great respect for you.
Just purchased NBC’s half of The Miss Universe Organization and settled all lawsuits against them. Now own 100% -- stay tuned!
Let’s all take a moment to remember all of the heroes from a very tragic day that we cannot let happen again!
Oh wow, lightweight Governor @BobbyJindal, who is registered at less than 1 percent in the polls, just mocked my hair. So original!
Also, tomorrow night I will be going to Boone and Ames. Really look forward to seeing all of my friends in Iowa.
Very good news—the new Quinnipiac poll just came out—I am #1 in Iowa.
I will be on The Tonight Show with Jimmy Fallon tonight at 11:30. Should be fun! @jimmyfallon
.... I only respond to people that register more than 1% in the polls. I never thought he had a chance and I’ve been proven right.
Bobby Jindal did not make the debate stage and therefore I have never met him….
I'll be on @greta ON THE RECORD tonight at 7 PM
Wow, I am ahead of the field with Evangelicals (am so proud of this) and virtually every other group, and Ben Carson just took a swipe at me
I had a great day in D.C. even though the subject was an unpleasant one, the horrible Iran Nuke deal. Amazing crowd and enthusiasm!
Man did JEB throw his brother under the bus last night on @colbertlateshow . Probably true, but not nice!
I will be speaking at the #StopIranDeal rally shortly- watch live here- http://t.co/hSTaPf0QqO
A letter to @CNN President Jeff Zucker- http://t.co/HKUYv9tFRm
See you in D.C. tomorrow at 1:00 P.M. at the Capitol to protest the horribly negotiated deal with Iran. Really sad!
Via @USATODAY- "Amateur hour with the Iran nuclear deal" http://t.co/vdLxPLPj7i
Will be on Bill O'Reilly @oreillyfactor tonight at 8 PM. Enjoy!
A great honor to receive polling numbers like these. Record setting African American (25%) &amp; Hispanic numbers (31%). http://t.co/p7d6RJeMTZ
I'm on Bill @oreillyfactor tonight at 8 PM. It will be another lively interview about how to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
Jeb’s policies in Florida helped lead to its almost total collapse. Right after he left he went to work for Lehman Brothers—wow!
The lobbyists &amp; special interests have just put out an ad for Jeb which hits me "just a little" but is very false!
I’m self funding my campaign but lobbyists &amp; special interests for Jeb &amp; others are starting to do big ads—desperate! Don’t believe them.
Wake up Jeb supporters! https://t.co/h51DpgM9JK
Thank you @IngrahamAngle for your strength &amp; wonderful words last night on @FoxNews, but @KarlRove is easy to beat!
Wow! Such nice words from Robert Redford on my running for President. Thank you, Robert. http://t.co/TpV3w18BW6
Tomorrow in DC: 1 PM West Front Lawn of the Capitol. Not even believable that we would do this deal with Iran.
Look forward to being in DC tomorrow—big crowd expected for our protest against the truly stupid nuclear deal we are making with Iran.
Looking forward to being with @SenTedCruz at our big rally in D.C. on Wednesday (1:00 P.M. at the Capitol) to protest insane Iran nuke deal!
Both Washington D.C. and DALLAS are turning out to be really big events. D.C. is protest of incompetent Iran deal and Dallas is big speech!
Remember, I'll see you in D.C. at the Capitol Building on Wednesday at 1:00 o'clock. Then Dallas on Sept.14 at 6:00 P.M. American Air Center
Thank you @scottienhughes for your powerful words on @FoxNews. I am with the Evangelicals and Tea Party big time. We will all WIN  together!
.@club4growth should release the letter they sent me asking for $1,000,000. When I said no, they came out against me. A scam operation?
I will be in Washington D.C. on Wednesday,1 P.M.,in front of the Capitol, to protest the horrible and incompetent deal being made with Iran.
The Dallas event on September 14 at 6:00 P.M. at the American Airlines Center looks like it will be a giant success. Tickets are going FAST!
Our country needs a president with great leadership skills and vision, not someone like Hillary or Barack, neither of which has a clue!
The phony Club For Growth, which asked me in writing for $1,000,000 (I said no), is now wanting to do negative ads on me. Total hypocrites!
If the presidential election were held today, according to this @surveyusa poll, Donald Trump would defeat any Dem: http://t.co/wmfHKnNSWm"
The hedge fund guys (gals) have to pay higher taxes ASAP. They are paying practically nothing. We must reduce taxes for the middle class!
By self-funding my campaign, I am not controlled by my donors, special interests or lobbyists. I am only working for the people of the U.S.!
Remember that I am self-funding my campaign. Hillary, Jeb and the rest are spending special interest and lobbyist money.100% CONTROLLED
Hillary said such nasty things about me, read directly off her teleprompter...but there was no emotion, no truth. Just can't read speeches!
Hillary Clinton made a speech today using the biggest teleprompter I have ever seen. In fact, it wasn't even see through glass, it was black
Saudi Arabia was "vehemently" against the Iran nuclear deal. Then today they embraced it. What happened? What did we give them to endorse?
Just announced that because of "Trump", advertising rates for debate on @CNN are going from $5000 to $200,000, a 4000% increase.PAY CHARITY?
Why would a very low ratings radio talk show host like Hugh Hewitt be doing the next debate on @CNN. He is just a 3rd rate "gotcha" guy!
Very low ratings radio host Hugh Hewitt asked me about Suleiman, Abu Bake al-Baghdad, Hassan Nasrallah and more - typical "gotcha" questions
The Dallas event in two weeks, at the American Airlines Center, is filling up fast. Get your tickets fast,  before it is too late!
.@MeghanMcCain was terrible on @TheFive yesterday. Angry and obnoxious, she will never make it on T.V. @FoxNews can do so much better!
Terrific response to my previous tweet: "I’ll be in Dallas at the American Airlines Center on Sept 14th at 6 PM." http://t.co/rC8JO7Fzqx …
So nice, thank you Laura.  https://t.co/F42OC3yFa9
Daily Caller: Trump Surpasses Field, Flirts With 40 Percent in Alabama Poll http://t.co/LzG5M8SmYC
I’ll be in Dallas at the American Airlines Center on Sept 14th at 6 PM.  Will be great to be back in Texas. http://t.co/rC8JO7Fzqx
Will be on @Morning_Joe in 5 minutes - at 7:00. Enjoy!
The Pledge #MakeAmericaGreatAgain http://t.co/5OVWdxgLn9
LIVE on #Periscope: Watch major press conference live from @TrumpTowerNY now! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain https://t.co/wwdgQKEHD3
Congratulations to Tom Brady on yet another great victory- Tom is my friend and a total winner!
The deal with Iran will go down as one of the most incompetent ever made. The U.S. lost on virtually every point. We just don't win anymore!
.@brithume, I am in first place by a lot in all polls, tied for first place with Ben Carson in one Iowa poll. I thought you knew this-thanks
Tracking 149 polls from 29 pollsters nationwide/HuffPost Pollster #GOP http://t.co/slsvuxcEhF
2016 GOP Nomination Polls have me as #1 as seen on @SpecialReport with @BretBaier. http://t.co/iZZg1N8Mwu
.@kevinolearytv Great job on @foxandfriends this morning. You tell it like it is! Also, thx for the nice mention. Your book sounds great!
A terrible deal with Iran! https://t.co/dHDFOG3tfp
Will be interviewed on @GMA this morning at 7:00. Thanks for the GREAT poll results!
When I intelligently turned down The Club For Growth crazy request for $1,000,000, they got nasty.What a waste of money that would have been
The president of the pathetic Club For Growth came to my office in N.Y.C. and asked for a ridiculous $1,000,000 contribution. I said no way!
Every Poll has me winning BIG.If you listen to dopey Karl Rove, a Trump hater, on @oreillyfactor, you would think I'm doing poorly. @FoxNews
Why does @oreillyfactor and @FoxNews always have Karl Rove on. He spent $430 million and lost ALL races. A dope who said Romney won election
I’m turning down millions of dollars of campaign contributions—feel totally stupid doing so, but hope it is appreciated by the voters.
Many Super Pacs, funded by groups that want total control over their candidate, are being formed to “attack” Trump. Remember when u see them
No more Clintons or Bushes! https://t.co/bHz4Etnhw7
Congrats everyone--we topped 4 million today on Twitter--and heading up fast!
While millions are being spent against me in attack ads, they are paid for by the “bosses” and “owners” of candidates. I am self funding.
Jeb is spending millions of dollars on “hit” ads funded by lobbyists &amp; special interests. Bad system.
Yet another weak hit by a candidate with a failing campaign. Will Jeb sink as low in the polls as the others who have gone after me?
The just released Public Policy Polling (PPP - national result) is the best yet. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Just out - new PPP NATIONAL POLL has me in first place by a wide margin at 29%. I wonder why only @FoxNews has not reported this? Too bad!
150 Clinton E-mails still contain classified information. More sensitive when she was Sec.of State. This is a very big deal.
President Obama wants to change the name of Mt. McKinley to Denali after more than 100 years. Great insult to Ohio. I will change back!
Very proud of Trump Int'l Golf Links in Aberdeen, Scotland. Just got the five star award from @VisitScotNews  https://t.co/VA4rHFO9Eh
See, I told you so http://t.co/UOC8xu11z3
This is no "act of love" as Jeb Bush said… https://t.co/K4FKTKpaTI
For those that don’t think a wall (fence) works, why don’t they suggest taking down the fence around the White House? Foolish people!
Huma Abedin, the top aide to Hillary Clinton and the wife of perv sleazebag Anthony Wiener, was a major security risk as a collector of info
Leading in the Bloomberg Iowa poll. Also, my favorability numbers went up at a record, almost unheard of, clip. Thank you Iowa!
Loved being with my many friends in Tennessee. The crowd and enthusiasm was fantastic. I won the straw poll big!
Via @BreitbartNews "TRUMP WINS NASHVILLE GRASSROOTS STRAW POLL WITH 52 PERCENT"- http://t.co/kmNU8IkI5Q
Wow, Jeb Bush just lost three of his top fundraisers - they quit!
Leaving now for Tennessee. Big crowd!
Great rally last night in Massachusetts. 2000 people at a house - must be a record! Unbelievable spirit to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN.
Will be interviewed by @SarahPalinUSA tonight at 10:00 on OAN Network. Enjoy!
Thank you @AmSpec http://t.co/BpybnpXMc9
A phony story that I am trying to buy a soccer team in Argentina is untrue. Never even heard of the team—no interest! http://t.co/YCQAQBarfj
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain From my speech in South Carolina yesterday- http://t.co/pv8sIVxCzu
Via CNN: Trump now leads in odds to win GOP nomination http://t.co/6ExyTO6BpJ
Great job tonight on @FoxNews Tony. I am with you all the way! Make America Great Again  @tperkins
Will be interviewed on @Morning_Joe at 7:00 A.M. So much to talk about!
Who wants the endorsement of a guy (@EricCantor) who lost in perhaps the greatest upset in the history of Congress?
.@BenFergusonShow just watched you on @CNN. Thank you for your nice comments.
The press has very inaccurately covered this event - see for yourself! https://t.co/z00nIlB7NI
Great job on @CNN tonight @heytana. We are all proud of you! Also, congrats on a great son - he is going places.
.@KatrinaCampins You were absolutely great on @CNN! Thank you.
.@DennisDMZ Thanks for the nice words. You are fantastic!
Thank you Christian Broadcasting Network  @TheBrodyFile @CBNNews http://t.co/FWPGgISlu8
Will be interviewed on the @TODAYshow this morning at 7:00. Talking about politics, polls and whatever. Enjoy!
Just got back from Iowa. Fantastic evening with truly fabulous people. Will be back again soon. Thanks!
Heading to Iowa to a packed house. Just released polls, all first place, are amazing. Thank you!
Thank you @BillKristol. I am going to Make America Great Again!
Great American heroes who averted an attack in France. THANK YOU! Spencer Stone, Anthony Sadler, &amp; Alex Skarlatos. http://t.co/5P0tX9Mq8u
True, thanks.  https://t.co/HDZt12Oaid
Thanks.  https://t.co/qVDlJToLqz
Another good poll result in the great state of SC. Trump at 30%. Carson at 15% and Bush at 9%.  http://t.co/FjQfdCrfdT
Congrats @LindseyGrahamSC. You just got 4 points in your home state of SC—far better than zero nationally. You’re only 26 pts behind me.
.@GovernorPataki did a terrible job as Governor of New York. If he ran again, he would have lost in a landslide. He and Graham ZERO in polls
Jeb Bush just talked about my border proposal to build a "fence." It's not a fence, Jeb, it's a WALL, and there's a BIG difference!
Asians are very offended that JEB said that anchor babies applies to them as a way to be more politically correct to hispanics. A mess!
In a clumsy move to get out of his "anchor babies" dilemma, where he signed that he would not use the term and now uses it, he blamed ASIANS
Jeb Bush never uses his last name on advertising, signage, materials etc. Is he ashamed of the name BUSH? A pretty sad situation. Go Jeb!
I liked The Kelly File much better without @megynkelly. Perhaps she could take another eleven day unscheduled vacation!
.@megynkelly must have had a terrible vacation, she is really off her game. Was afraid to confront Dr. Cornel West. No clue on immigration!
Via The Brody File: "The Lesson Evangelicals Can Learn From Donald Trump"  Thank you David &amp; CBN News--so nice.   http://t.co/XSbTUXxs7K
Via Int'l Business Times: Jeb Bush Got $1.3M Job at Lehman After Florida Shifted Pension Cash To Bank. http://t.co/UbprPUWHQ9
Thank you Greta. https://t.co/dty0C6K6fz
Even Barbara Bush agrees with me- https://t.co/y3SSyF7xxX
Depression- be careful of China! https://t.co/6BGk0ZjKwT
Markets are crashing - all caused by poor planning and allowing China and Asia to dictate the agenda. This could get very messy! Vote Trump.
As I have long stated, we are so tied in with China and Asia that their markets are now taking the U.S. market down. Get smart U.S.A.
New Reuters Poll just came out and has me at 32%, highest number yet.The silent majority is back and we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
The last thing we need is another Bush in the White House. Would be the same old thing (remember "read my lips, no more taxes"). GREATNESS!
Jeb Bush has a photoshopped photo for an ad which gives him a black left hand and much different looking body. Jeb just can't get it right!
Jeb Bush is weak on illegal immigration, in favor of common core, bad on women's health issues and thinks the Iraq war was a good thing.
Now that I started my war on illegal immigration and securing the border, most other candidates are finally  speaking up. Just politicians!
It has just been confirmed by  the City of Mobile, Alabama, that there were 30,000 people at last nights event, making it  #1for pol season.
How is Bernie Sanders going to defend our country if he can't even defend his own microphone? Very sad!
Thank you to the @washingtonpost for the accurate and very discriptive  story on my speech in Alabama last night. It was a great evening!
I had 15,000 people in Phoenix but @politico said "the rooms capacity is just over 2000." But said Bernie  Sanders had 11,000 in same room.
.@politico covers me more inaccurately than any other media source, and that is saying something. They go out of their way to distort truth!
Alabama was great last night, amazing people. 30,000 folks  was largest crowd of political season. Nice!
.@jessebwatters, You did a great job hosting @oreillyfactor. Everybody loved it! Thank you for the nice words.
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #TrumpRallyAL http://t.co/UokCEy7e4N
Dow dives more than 500 points - down 9% from high. Be careful!
Leaving for Mobile, Alabama, right now - can't be late!
Boston incident is terrible. We need energy and passion, but we must treat each other with respect. I would never condone violence.
Great! https://t.co/oJ6sqHB3MA
We are going to have a wild time in Alabama tonight! Finally, the silent majority is back! http://t.co/Vj8vho1ro7
How crazy - 7.5% of all births in U.S. are to illegal immigrants, over 300,000 babies per year. This must stop. Unaffordable and not right!
Jeb Bush signed memo saying not to use the term "anchor babies," offensive. Now he wants to use it because I use it. Stay true to yourself!
Alabama will shine tomorrow. It will be a big and glorious day!
We are going to make our country so strong again, so great again. No more ripping off the United States. We will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
.@TomLlamasABC cannot report the news truthfully. Why not apologize for your fraudulent story on World News Tonight.Gang members &amp; criminals
@ABCPolitics must apologize. My statement "we're going to get them out so fast, so quick" applied to hard core criminals &amp; gang members. LIE
Behind the scenes video with “Uncle Sam” (eagle’s name) and me.https://t.co/pOXbchdHbd
Had a special visitor in my office yesterday for @TIME photo shoot. http://t.co/GoloYLeRZz
On the cover of @TIME Magazine—a great honor! http://t.co/zlEHp49oPs
Thank you New Hampshire! Together we will Make America Great Again! http://t.co/ovxQMw4kob
Another great poll result! Thank you! http://t.co/loMirPFLIZ
Just got back from New Hampshire. Amazing people, we all had a great time together!
Will be in New Hampshire and then on @CNN Special at 9 PM tonight.
My official #MakeAmericaGreatAgain hat is now available online. To shop please visit http://t.co/3zYiIYWs87 -- it is selling fast!
.@MarkSteynOnline - Thank you and great job on @seanhannity tonight!
I am looking forward to being in New Hampshire tomorrow. The silent majority is taking our country back. We will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
My H-1B reform plan will transform program so it delivers for country, not lobbyists, &amp; will have bipartisan support: http://t.co/xDay480qfv
If I am elected President I will immediately approve the Keystone XL pipeline.  No impact on environment &amp; lots of jobs for U.S.
.@jasondhorowitz  I am very proud of my sister, your story was terrific. Thank you so much.
Our online campaign store is open! Visit http://t.co/3zYiIYWs87 for #MakeAmericaGreatAgain merchandise including my signature hat!
When foreigners attend our great colleges &amp; want to stay in the U.S., they should not be thrown out of our country.
I want talented people to come into this country—to work hard and to become citizens. Silicon Valley needs engineers, etc.
It does matter! https://t.co/SDfmHgneAf
My official #MakeAmericaGreatAgain hat is now available online. To shop please visit http://t.co/3KWOl2ibaW --- it is selling fast!
Listening to @rushlimbaugh on way back to Jury Duty. Fantastic show, terrific guy!
Why does @FoxNews keep George Will as a talking head? Wrong on so many subjects!
The polls have been really amazing--we are all tired of incompetent politicians and bad deals! http://t.co/wZiNNsvZx2
I really enjoyed being at the Iowa State Fair. The crowds, love and enthusiasm is something I will never forget.
.@NicolleDWallace  Your father is a brilliant man with wonderful sense -- therefore, you must be good!
Just got back from the Iowa State Fair. Record crowds, phenomenal people. Thank you IOWA, I will never let you down!
LIVE on #Periscope: Good morning Iowa! Let's #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016  https://t.co/zSLKMCk0tW
In the plane heading to Iowa State Fair. Will be great fun. Hopefully giving helicopter rides to some of the kids.
Making speech tonight in New Hampshire - leaving now. Fantastic people, fantastic crowd!
.@AP and @HuffingtonPost should change their fraudulent story to say THAT I DROPPED @NBC &amp; The Apprentice to run for President!
People don’t understand that I left The Apprentice to run for Pres—the Apprentice DID NOT leave me. Bob Greenblatt &amp; folks @NBC were GREAT!
Our campaign store is officially open! Visit http://t.co/3zYiIYWs87 to shop the latest #MakeAmericaGreatAgain merchandise.
Not under my watch- https://t.co/cju8E0Y0xJ
Our online campaign store is officially open! Visit http://t.co/3zYiIYWs87 to shop the latest #MakeAmericaGreatAgain merchandise.
My official #MakeAmericaGreatAgain hat is now available online. To shop please visit http://t.co/3zYiIYWs87 --- it is selling fast!
The #IranDeal is a catastrophe that must be stopped. Will lead to at least partial world destruction &amp; make Iran a force like never before.
Will be interviewed by @seanhannity tonight for the full hour. Hope you enjoy it and, more importantly, hope you agree!
Our online store is officially open! Visit http://t.co/3zYiIYWs87 to shop the latest #MakeAmericaGreatAgain merchandise.
.@SenTedCruz had a very good debate, far better than Rand Paul.
.@ericbolling you can do much better than you did tonight on @oreillyfactor. Better luck tomorrow!
Why is @RandPaul allowed to take advantage of the people of Kentucky by running for Senator and Pres. Why should Kentucky be back up plan?
We must stop the crime and killing machine that is illegal immigration. Rampant problems will only get worse. Take back our country!
Truly weird Senator Rand Paul of Kentucky reminds me of a spoiled brat without a properly functioning brain. He was terrible at DEBATE!
Again, illegal immigrant is charged with the fatal  bludgeoning of a wonderful and loved 64 year old woman. Get them out and build a WALL!
.@KatrinaCampins Thank you so much for the wonderful statements you made about me on TV. Also, keep up the great work!
.@BrandenRoderick I was pleased to see the wonderful statements you made about me to the media.I'm not surprised, you're a special person
.@OMAROSA You were fantastic on television this weekend. Thank you so much – you are a loyal friend!
Frank was a great guy married to an absolutely wonderful woman @KathieLGifford. What a couple! http://t.co/2mZlN3UO94
Enough is Enough- no more Bushes! https://t.co/0k0Y0pgbhC
Roger Ailes just called. He is a great guy &amp; assures me that “Trump” will be treated fairly on @FoxNews. His word is always good!
Oh really, check out innocent @megynkelly discussion on @HowardStern show 5 years ago--I am the innocent (pure) one!http://t.co/8Hg7f5Q2jE
.@KathieLGifford, Melania  and I send our deepest condolences. Frank was a special and amazing person. He will be missed by all!
I will be interviewed on @TODAY Show at 7:00 A.M. and on Morning Joe at 7:20.
Wonderful Frank Gifford has just passed away at age 84. He was my friend and a truly great guy! Warmest condolences to family.
It amazes me that other  networks seem to treat me so much better than @FoxNews. I brought them the biggest ratings in history, &amp; I get zip!
I just realized that if you listen to Carly Fiorina for more than ten minutes straight, you develop a massive headache. She has zero chance!
Small crowds at @RedState today in Atlanta. People were very angry at EWErickson, a major sleaze and buffoon who has saved me time and money
Almost universal support that "Trump won the debate." Only @FoxNews is consistantly fighting the Trump win, and I got them the ratings!
Wow, CNN just said that Donald Trump won the DEBATE, connected best with audience. Also, Time, Drudge, Newsmax, N.Y.Times and more!
.@redstate I miss you all, and thanks for all of your support. Political correctness is killing our country. "weakness."
Re Megyn Kelly quote: "you could see there was blood coming out of her eyes, blood coming out of her wherever" (NOSE). Just got on w/thought
So many "politically correct" fools in our country. We have to all get back to work and stop wasting time and energy on nonsense!
The hatred that clown @krauthammer has for me is unbelievable – causes him to lie when many others say Trump easily won debate.
....Dopey @krauthammer should be fired. @FoxNews
.@FoxNews you should be ashamed of yourself. I got you the highest debate ratings in your history &amp; you say nothing but bad...
via Bloomberg: Fox News Couldn't Kill Trump's Momentum, Made Him Stronger @FoxNews @business  http://t.co/rWPZTeoc6j
@TIME poll: @realDonaldTrump winner of last night's debate by wide margin.. 45% v.12% @RealBenCarson, 10% @JohnKasich http://t.co/mzR62luvWq
I really enjoyed the debate tonight even though the @FoxNews trio, especially @megynkelly, was not very good or professional!
.@FrankLuntz, your so-called "focus groups" are a total joke. Don't come to my office looking for business again. You are a clown!
Wow, @megynkelly really bombed tonight. People are going wild on twitter! Funny to watch.
.@FrankLuntz I won every poll of the debate tonight by massive margins @DRUDGE_REPORT &amp; @TIME  so where did you find that dumb panel.
.@FrankLuntz is a low class slob who came to my office looking for consulting work and I had zero interest. Now he picks anti-Trump panels!
Wow! What a great honor from @DRUDGE_REPORT http://t.co/fokcASBVuN
Thank you @TIME readers- a great honor! http://t.co/2KRx2TBETS
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #GOPdebate http://t.co/SNrr9YZmou
Wow! What a great honor from @DRUDGE_REPORT http://t.co/fokcASBVuN
Just arrived for the #GOPdebate #MakeAmericaGreatAgain http://t.co/rQ8LZHgHyJ
I look forward to tonight's "debate" -- but look far more forward to making America great again. It can happen!
.@realbobmassi, who does a show called "Bob Massi Is The Property Man" on @FoxNews, really knows his stuff--a total pro!
"AmyMek  Amen! @realDonaldTrump has drawn more attention to Veterans issues in 1 week than these politicians have in decades!"
Wow! Such a wonderful article from fantastic people--my great honor! https://t.co/LO14es9CLp
Poll: Trump Leads GOP Field Among Hispanics, Records 34% Favorability  http://t.co/AANybghvCv
Thank you. https://t.co/uA1LZ0EoAo
Thanks.  https://t.co/6G7hVhrtiY
Do you notice that Hillary spews out Jeb's name as often as possible in order to give him status? She knows Trump is her worst nightmare.
Many of Hillary’s donors are the same donors as Jeb Bush’s—all rich, will have total control—know them well.
I will be on @oreillyfactor tonight on @FoxNews at 8 PM and 11 PM.
"92-year-old registers to vote for first time, says will vote for Trump"      http://t.co/ckTmTsaIY2
Thank you @gawker! Call me on my cellphone 917.756.8000 and listen to my campaign message.
Diligence is the mother of good luck. -- Benjamin Franklin
Will be interviewed on @Morning_Joe at 7:3O. Enjoy!
Thank you @krauthammer for your nice comments on @oreillyfactor. A lot of progress is being made!
My #GOPDebate @facebook question for the other candidates- http://t.co/3aSLoZYDLx
We cannot solve our problems with the same thinking we used when we created them.  --  Albert Einstein
New Poll Shows Donald Trump Blowing Everyone Else Out of the Water. http://t.co/sAVTGaswcl
It came out that Huma Abedin knows all about Hillary’s private illegal emails. Huma’s PR husband, Anthony Weiner, will tell the world.
.@Jrprotalker Thanks Judy for the wonderful statements on @TrumpTurnberry. Great seeing you there &amp; you did a fabulous job on commentary.
.@DottieandBogey Thanks for nice comments over weekend re Turnberry. You and your husband have fantastic taste! Also, great commentary.
Despite the false @nytimes story about Jeb Bush being happy with the Trump surge, he fell more than anybody &amp; is miserable.
Wow, did the @nytimes fall into the Bush trap where his people convinced them how happy he was that I was hurting other candidates &amp; not him
Bush is pretending that the "Trump surge" is great for him and the @nytimesworld is  reporting Bush "delight" - con job, a Bush nightmare!
I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends tomorrow morning at 7:00. Enjoy!
I wish good luck to all of the Republican candidates that traveled to California to beg for money etc. from the Koch Brothers. Puppets?
Watch my interview with @ericbolling on @FoxNews today at 11:30AM ET
If you think you can do a thing or think you can't do a thing, you're right. -- Henry Ford
Wow, some new and even greater polls--thank you!
Will be leaving Trump Turnberry tomorrow--place &amp; Women's British Open are great. Will be back hitting hard tomorrow. @Turnberrybuzz
Should not raise taxes in Wisconsin, but massive budget deficit. Education, roads, etc suffering. @DanHenninger lies. @WSJ
Thank you for your service!  https://t.co/xBJ47fUXC0
Thank you.  https://t.co/BbD9deWjbQ
The polls have been consistently great. The silent majority is speaking. Politicians are failing. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
I look forward to the debate on Thursday night &amp; it is certainly my intention to be very nice &amp; highly respectful of the other candidates.
Just at a news conference from Trump Turnberry in Scotland. Everybody was there &amp; will be all over television tonite. Back on trail Saturday
Carl Cameron @FoxNews is the only reporter I know who consistently fumbles &amp; misrepresents poll results. He has been so wrong &amp; he hates it!
Getting ready to leave for my GREAT resort, Turnberry, in Scotland. Hosting The Women's British Open (biggest tournament). Will be back Sat.
I really like the Koch Brothers (members of my P.B. Club), but I don't want their money or anything else from them. Cannot influence Trump!
Thank you. https://t.co/oRATmdIzqE
People like lawyer Elizabeth Beck and failed writer Harry Hurt &amp; others talk about me but know nothing about me—crazy!
How can a dummy dope like Harry Hurt, who wrote a failed book about me but doesn’t know me or anything about me, be on TV discussing Trump?
Trump Will Make America GREAT!!!!  #ChangeTheWorldIn5Words
... while Tom Brady is guilty because he REPLACED his LEGAL cellphone?
Per @rushlimbaugh: Why does Hillary Clinton get the benefit of the doubt (after she DESTROYS her illegal email server) ...
Via @SaintPetersblog by @MitchEPerry: “Shock poll: Donald Trump leads Jeb Bush 26-20% … in Florida” http://t.co/49IAe1Nlm7
This is an outrage! Bias-Free Language Guide claims the word 'American' is 'problematic' -- WHAT?!  http://t.co/vKz8a0ICGs
I truly LOVE all of the millions of people who are sticking with me despite so many media lies. There is a great SILENT MAJORITY looming!
Thank you @Morning_Joe for throwing the pathetic reporter from the failing and money losing Daily Beast off the air. Really cool!
So many people who know nothing about me are commenting all over T.V. and the media as though they have great D.J.T. insight. Know NOTHING!
.@CNN  Why is somebody (Beck) I beat so soundly all of a sudden an expert on Donald Trump (all over television). She knows nothing about me.
.CNN &amp; @CNNPolitics  Lawyer Elizabeth Beck did a terrible job against me, she lost (I even got legal fees). I loved beating her,she was easy
Lawyer Elizabeth Beck was easy for me to beat. Ask her clients if they are happy with her results against me. Got total win and legal fees.
.@CNN &amp; @CNNPolitics did not say that lawyer Beck lost the case and I got legal fees. Also, she wanted to breast pump in front of me at dep.
Public Policy Polling (PPP) has just come out with a major poll putting me #1 with Hispanics - leading all Republican candidates.Told you so
Via @BreitbartNews by @mboyle1: "TRUMP: OBAMA SHOULDN’T ATTACK AMERICANS OVERSEAS, HILLARY’S EMAIL WAS ‘CRIMINAL" http://t.co/BWrHxT50sy
A nation WITHOUT BORDERS is not a nation at all. We must have a wall. The rule of law matters. Jeb just doesn’t get it.
While I’m beating my opponents in the polls, I’m also beating lobbyists, special interests &amp; donors that are supporting them with billions.
“Government's first duty is to protect the people, not run their lives.” – Ronald Reagan
We can make Washington work for us. It’s time for real leadership. Let’s #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!  https://t.co/u25yI6aIvG
Obama’s nuclear deal with the Iranians will lead to a nuclear arms race in the Middle East. It has to be stopped.
Via @limbaugh: “Trump Doubled Down -- and It Worked” http://t.co/91i6FWWxGf
“@marklevinshow: ‘PLUNDER AND DECEIT’”  http://t.co/dQ4OHpT227 via @AmSpec by @JeffJlpa1
Via cnsnews by @SJonesCNS: “Trump Explains His Appeal: 'People Are Tired...Of These Incompetent Politicians'” http://t.co/Y36EQiGE5a
.#IranDeal will go down as one of the dumbest &amp; most dangerous misjudgments ever entered into in history of our country—incompetent leader!
Via @politico by “Poll: Trump has twice the support of Bush in New Hampshire”  http://t.co/aeHiTqEZlq
My @FoxNews int. with @seanhannity on Obama being all talk &amp; no action &amp; making America Great Again! http://t.co/RqP6MNnR7h
We must protect our veterans. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain https://t.co/erwKxZVGpP
Thank you @mcuban for your nice words. I am rapidly becoming a @dallasmavs fan!   https://t.co/sLXkCh9qfg
After all is said and done, more is said than done. -- Aesop
.@TheBrodyFile was fantastic tonight on @CNN. Thank you, we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Thank you @scottienhughes for the great job you did on @CNN. Great energy and smarts! I will not let you down.
Will be interviewed tonight on @seanhannity at 10:00. There is so much to talk about!
Boston's Mayor Walsh wasted a lot of time and money on going for the Olympics, and then he gave up. I don't want him negotiating for me!
I’ll be on @seanhannity tonight at 10 PM and look forward to it. Lots to discuss!  Enjoy.
Be in Turnberry on Thurs AM for start of Women's British Open, one of  world's great golf tournaments. Back soon to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
I own Turnberry, in Scotland, one of great resorts in world. Women’s British Open there this week. I’ll go for two days &amp; back on trail.
.@GovernorSununu who couldn't get elected dog catcher in NH forgot to mention my phenomenal biz success rate: 99.2% https://t.co/WsA3Jnjhwa
Thanks Lou. https://t.co/hDm7MrrwTD
Veterans, please call 855- VETS- 352 or email address veterans@donaldtrump.com to share your stories about the need to reform the VA.
We must build a wall to secure our border. It will save lives and help Make America Great Again! https://t.co/u25yI5T7E8
“Iowans Drawn to Donald Trump Praise His Antiestablishment Bent” http://t.co/nyYk3DBXD5 via @WSJ by @heatherhaddon &amp; @reidepstein
Via @nytpolitics by @AshleyRParker: “Strong Showings for Donald Trump in Iowa and New Hampshire Polls” http://t.co/UARuXLir8b
Thanks. https://t.co/xU5h2BwojR
.@SteveRattner While I think you should have gone to prison for what you did, I guess Obama saved you. But watch – I will win!
When people find out how bad a job Scott Walker has done in WI, they won’t be voting for him. Massive deficit, bad jobs forecast, a mess.
Great news, I’m now leading in most polls w/ new CNN poll also having me #1. NBC, I am #1 in NH by a lot, #2 in Iowa, close &amp; gaining.
Thank you, Greta.  https://t.co/CWQZlIBV78
Thank you, Wayne Root -- we will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!http://t.co/L3cKIEDZ2X
.@ScottWalker is a nice guy, but not presidential material. Wisconsin is in turmoil, borrowing to the hilt, and doing poorly in jobs etc.
Always great to speak with Veterans - our nation's heroes. We will Make America Great Again! http://t.co/P58AGMmBwY
Great success in Iowa today. Fantastic sold out crowd. Will be back soon!
Packed venue of people who want to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain https://t.co/wisZRVAmPR
Supporters waiting to hear me speak in Oskaloosa, Iowa. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain https://t.co/qEUeu8cDwO
.@ScottWalker despite your coming to my office to give me an award, your very dumb fundraiser hit me very hard--- not smart!
.@ShawnJohnson Congratulations on your engagement --- he is a lucky guy. You are  a true winner and will be an amazing couple.
.@Macy’s is a big contributor to @PPFA . Anybody against Planned Parenthood should boycott racial profiling Macy’s.
Isn't it funny that I am now #1 in the money losing @HuffingtonPost (poll), and by a big margin. Dummy @ariannahuff must be thrilled!
The ultra liberal and seriously failing Des Moines Register is BEGGING my team for press credentials to my event in Iowa today-but they lie!
Big poll just out by @TheEconomist has me in 1st. place by a lot. A great honor but we have a long way to go to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Getting ready to go to Iowa today. Big crowd - will be a great day!
Via @BreitbartNews by @NolteNC: "DONALD TRUMP SURGES TO COMMANDING LEAD IN POST-MCCAIN BACKLASH POLL" http://t.co/OvL90Hm1KN
Isn’t it amazing that @Macys paid a massive fine for profiling African Americans--&amp; then criticized me for discussing illegal immigration!
Thank you @DennisRodman.  It's time to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! I hope you are doing well! https://t.co/H7d2ZLmod2
.@marklevinshow has written a great book, Plunder and Deceit. He powerfully analyzes issues that are crucial to us today. Read it!
True! https://t.co/zuI0QYYCaQ
True, thanks. https://t.co/xD2hlCobgo
It is time to send someone from the outside to fix DC from the inside. Let’s Make America Great Again! https://t.co/u25yI5T7E8
Be sure to get a copy of @williebosshog's new book, American Hunter.
From an amazing day on the border in Laredo. https://t.co/vIcDmjUiJV
Arriving to check out the border. https://t.co/nZMeKl3siW
I love Bluffton, SC, what a great place -- what great people.
DC has shrunk our military and exploded our country with debt. We can’t send another politician to the White House https://t.co/u25yI6aIvG
When will anyone be held accountable for the VA scandal? The politicians are experts in never facing any consequence.
.@williebosshog watched you on @foxandfriends. You were great and I appreciate the nice statements. I’m sending out for your new book now!
Great read:  “How New York's Veterans Day Parade Became 'America's Parade'” http://t.co/PuYQl4CRg3
True. https://t.co/kbdTazxEZG
Thoughts &amp; prayers with everyone in Lafayette, Louisiana this evening.
You’re just not getting there @DanaPerino. Sometimes things just don’t work out, but don’t worry--- no problem!
.@bobbyjindal watched you on @TeamCavuto. Made some excellent points. Best Wishes.
Great! https://t.co/FFzhWLUfzF
Thanks.  https://t.co/CD3SYvgKfj
True! https://t.co/sEdzvjuHgY
Getting ready to lift off for Laredo. Will land at 1:OO P.M. Should be exciting and informative!
.@BillKristol   Bill, your small and slightly failing magazine will be a giant success when you finally back Trump. Country will soar!
What a waste of time being interviewed by @andersoncooper when he puts on really stupid talking heads likeTim O'Brien-dumb guy with no clue!
Boycott @Macys, no guts, no glory. Besides, there are far better stores!
.@AC360  Has the absolutely worst anti-Trump talking heads on his show. Dopey writer O'brian knows nothing about me or my wealth. A waste!
.@tedcruz you were terrific on @seanhannity tonight. I am going to the border tomorrow.
.@FrankLuntz knows nothing about me or my religion. Came to my office looking for work. I had NO interest. I will save the vets!
Via @CBNNews by @TheBrodyFile: "Brody File Exclusive: Donald Trump Comes Out In Support Of 20 Week Abortion Ban" http://t.co/xPHdH74OXf
It's going to take an outsider to clean up after Clinton, Bush and Obama. Let's Make America Great Again! https://t.co/u25yI5T7E8
Let’s Trump the Establishment! We are no longer silent. We will Make America Great Again! https://t.co/u25yI6aIvG
Shouldn’t George Will have to give a disclaimer every time he is on Fox that his wife works for Scott Walker?
Will be interviewed by @andersoncooper on @CNN tonight. Let’s see if he treats me fairly—enjoy!
Obama still will keep all military recruitment centers &amp; bases Gun Free Zones! It has to stop. MILITARY LIVES MATTER!
“Donald Trump on VA woes: ‘I’d fire everybody’; ‘you fix it by getting Trump elected’” http://t.co/jpqYBBN6gx via @washtimes by @dsherfinski
Via @ BreitbartNews by @BobPriceBBTX: “DONALD TRUMP HEADING TO TEXAS BORDER” http://t.co/xcxP1l8S5E
Thank you @chucktodd for your commentary last night on @NBCNightlyNews. Very fair -- we are making progress together!
I'm going to the BORDER tomorrow. Will be seeing some really brave people. Look forward to a big day!
.@GovernorPerry in my office last cycle playing nice and begging for my support and money. Hypocrite! https://t.co/axPAVsLEqx
True, thanks. https://t.co/xqlRporCwT
I hear a failing New York newspaper is going to publish one of my old cell phone numbers. So original - just one of many!
Great day today in South Carolina. Fantastic capacity crowd, amazing people!
Via @gatewaypundit: “Mother of Murdered Teen Thanks Donald Trump During Senate Hearing” http://t.co/uQrcCwmjhq
My response to the failing Des Moines Register, the ultra liberal paper that has no power in Iowa https://t.co/4bEAW1sDzU
I'm glad President Obama followed my lead and lowered the flags half-staff. It's about time!
Flags to be flown at Half-Staff at all Trump Properties in Honor of the Five Fallen Soldiers-http://t.co/bgKmJ8TU67
Response to the Des Moines Register- http://t.co/krftGdPHN4
Via @AP by @kronayne &amp; @colvinj: "Disavowed by GOP leaders, Trump has supporters cheering"http://t.co/xfgPmrEtKv
.@ZachJohnsonPGA  You're one of the truly great competitiors. I’ve said it for years. Great going winning @OpenChampionship - Not surprised!
.@BreitbartNews is much smarter than sleepy eyes @chucktodd  @nbc  http://t.co/Lb3PBlN3u0 Thanks to Steve Bannon &amp; real reporters.
Rick Perry did an absolutely horrible job of securing the border. He should be ashamed of himself. Gov. Abbott has since been terrific.
Good luck to my new friends on your testimony in DC. You are amazing people doing something so important--- stopping illegal immigration!
Just got great national poll numbers - double digit lead!  Thank you, we will all MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Wow, new @ABCnews/@WashingtonPost @GOP preference poll has DonaldTrump 11 points up! Thank you.
I will be interviewed on @oreillyfactor tonight at 8:00. Will be talking about the poor treatment of our veterans, illegal immigration, etc.
Look how small the pages have become @WSJ. Looks like a tabloid—saving money I assume!
This story is no longer about John McCain, it’s about our horribly treated vets. Illegals are treated better than our wonderful veterans.
It was only after I informed NBC that I wouldn't do the Apprentice that they became upset w/ me. They couldn’t care less about “inclusion"
" @johnjcarp61  At least we're talking about the #VA! We weren't a month ago! @realDonaldTrump @JohnMcCain"
We will soon be at a point with our incompetent politicians where we will be treating illegal immigrants better than our veterans.
The ever dwindling @WSJ which is worth about 1/10 of what it was purchased for, is always hitting me politically. Who cares!
My @USATOpinion piece: "Trump: I don't need to be lectured" http://t.co/luEYQhgrr9
I will be making some very big campaign stops next week - big crowds and tremendous  energy!  MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN
The Republican Party must get tougher and smarter, and fast, or it will go down to a very big defeat - just like the last two times!
A true piece about the standing ovations I got yesterday http://t.co/EplLsBWgBE
The Veterans Administration is in shambles and our veterans are suffering greatly. John McCain has done nothing to help them but talk.
John McCain called thousands of people "crazies" when they came to seek help on illegal immigration last week in Phoenix. He owes apology!
Wow, @SharylAttkisson  just wrote the definitive piece on what I said about John McCain https://t.co/P1dxTmeCmQ
One of the reasons I am no fan of John McCain is that our Vets are being treated so badly by him and the politicians. I will fix VA quickly.
Via @fitsnews: “Donald Trump: John McCain Is ‘A Loser’” http://t.co/sgiETvdUqi
Why would anybody listen to @MittRomney? He lost an election that should have easily been won against Obama. By the way,so did John McCain!
Congrats to the new Gov. of Texas, @GregAbbott_TX, for taking a tough &amp; bold stance at the border. Should have been done long ago by Perry.
I have a proven track record supporting our Veterans. Veterans deserve universal access to care. VA scandal proves politicians are inept.
....that has served our country is put on a waiting list and gets no care.
It's a national embarrassment that an illegal immigrant can walk across the border and receive free health care and one of our Veterans.....
I will make this right for our great Vets!
All he does is go on television is talk, talk, talk, but incapable of doing anything.
....John McCain has failed miserably to fix the situation and to make it possible for Veterans to successfully manage their lives.
The Veterans of our country have been treated like third class citizens for many years...
Captured or not, all our soldiers are heroes!
In addition to doing a lousy job in taking care of our Vets, John McCain let us down by losing to Barack Obama in his run for President!
Just left Family Leadership Summit in Iowa, got a standing ovation from many wonderful people. I will be back soon.
Statement on John McCain- http://t.co/Nh0rJPeUNl
I am now in Iowa getting ready to speak. People are always amazed to find out that I am Protestant (Presbyterian). GREAT.
The $10 billion (net worth) is AFTER all debt and liabilities. So simple to understand but @CNN &amp; @CNNPolitics is just plain dumb!
Ratings starved @CNN and @CNNPolitics does not cover me accurately. Why can't they get it right - it's really not that hard!
Made a speech in Arkansas last night before a record GOP crowd. Great spirit and amazing people. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
It's driving @ariannahuff &amp; the money losing @HuffingtonPost post crazy that I am #1 in their poll and they only write bad stories about me!
The liberal clown  @ariannahuff told her minions at the money losing @HuffingtonPost to cover me as enterainment. I am #1 in Huff Post Poll.
.@genesimmons, Amazing! Thank you.  http://t.co/kCP39adNvR
.@genesimmons really great job handling the wise guys --- so easy for you--- such talent! I won’t forget.
Response to Huffington Post- http://t.co/WxwQWHIgOO
Via @TPInsidr http://t.co/8Habr989Yw
Via @WashTimes by @dsherfinski http://t.co/hVNrE2XVWw
Via @BreitbartNews- http://t.co/IKP5DSD5nY
“God's word is the same, yesterday and today and a million years from now.” - @Franklin_Graham
“Donald Trump was proven right on another one of his top issues Thursday: 'gun free zones' at military bases.” http://t.co/x1swUrw8l1
Via @AP March,2013: Jeb said “he was open to…pathway for citizenship for illegal immigrants” http://t.co/zeEKCFXroE Lying on campaign trail!
We will no longer be silent. We can take our country back! Let’s Make America Great Again! https://t.co/u25yI6aIvG
MILITARY LIVES MATTER! END GUN FREE ZONES! OUR SOLDIERS MUST BE ABLE TO PROTECT THEMSELVES! THIS HAS TO STOP!
Looking forward to speaking at the @ARGOP Reagan-Rockefeller Dinner tonight! Record crowd. We are no longer silent! #MAKEAMERICAGREATAGAIN!
I had thousands join me in New Hampshire last night! @HillaryClinton had 68. The #SilentMajority is fed up with what is going on in America!
Get rid of gun free zones. The four great marines who were just shot never had a chance. They were highly trained but helpless without guns.
Thoughts and prayers to the families of the four great Marines killed today.
.@GovernorPerry failed on the border. He should be forced to take an IQ test before being allowed to enter the GOP debate.
.@GovernorPerry just gave a pollster quote on me. He doesn't understand what the word demagoguery means.
.@SenJohnMcCain should be defeated in the primaries. Graduated last in his class at Annapolis--dummy!
The thousands of people that showed up for me in Phoenix were amazing Americans. @SenJohnMcCain called them "crazies"--must apologize!
CNN: "New GOP polls show Trump's favorability is up" http://t.co/lEBOJST9dA@MichaelCohen212
“No government ever voluntarily reduces itself in size. So governments' programs, once launched, never disappear.” – Ronald Reagan
More Bush cronyism – “Jeb Bush and the Common Core Money Trail”  http://t.co/SbeHmuQJak It’s the Bush way!
We need leaders who can negotiate great deals for Americans. It is common sense. Let’s Make America Great Again! https://t.co/u25yI5T7E8
Leaving for New Hampshire now. Making a speech—packed house.  Love it!
The Iran deal poses a direct national security threat. It must be stopped in Congress. Stand up Republicans!
The worst show in Las Vegas, in my opinion, is @pennjillette. Hokey garbage. New York show even worse!
Dopey @Lawrence O’Donnell, whose unwatchable show is dying in the ratings, said that my Apprentice $ numbers were wrong. He is a fool!
No deal is better than a bad deal. America out negotiated again.  #Iran
FLASHBACK – “Donald Trump Blasts Obama for Failing to Secure Christian Pastor’s Freedom in Iran"  http://t.co/AwCVNdzyry via @theblaze’
Via @TIME by @ZekeJMiller: “Trump Talks Politics at His Virginia Winery” http://t.co/h3eIc4mgu3
Via @FSMtweet: “Trump is Right: Illegal Alien Crime is Staggering in Scope and Savagery” http://t.co/najLkku1zE
“30,000 MACY’S CUSTOMERS RETALIATE IN SUPPORT OF DONALD TRUMP”  http://t.co/vL4ifAkxRt via @BreitbartNews by @ASwoyer
Is this true about Univision and Fusion? Wow!?!  http://t.co/y7nd9BziBP
Via @BreitbartNews by Steve Bannon: “‘TIME TO GET TOUGH’: TRUMP’S BLOCKBUSTER POLICY MANIFESTO” http://t.co/rrRd7AkFED
They are great people! https://t.co/7RTinwz1a8
Thank you. https://t.co/iGNIDSqlfZ
.@KarlRove wasted $400 million + and didn’t win one race—a total loser. @FoxNews
.@FoxNews You shouldn’t have @KarlRove on the air—he’s a clown with zero credibility—a Bushy!
.@BradSteinle Great talking to you and your parents—fantastic people. Keep your sister’s very important memory alive—big impact!
.@andydean2014 Thank you, you were great. You can defend me anytime. Amazing job.
I hope the boycott of @Macys continues forever. So many people are cutting up their cards. Macy's stores suck and they are bad for U.S.A.
I loved firing goofball atheist Penn @pennjillette on The Apprentice. He never had a chance. Wrote letter to me begging for forgiveness.
I hear @pennjillette show on Broadway is terrible. Not surprised, boring guy (Penn). Without The Apprentice,  show would have died long ago.
Irrelevant clown @KarlRove sweats and shakes nervously on @FoxNews as he talks "bull" about me. Has zero cred. Made fool of himself in '12.
Thank you Piers. https://t.co/uH6h74qShv
.@StephenBaldwin7 You were fabulous on CNN last night--I greatly appreciate your support.  Best wishes.
".@PolitiTrends @realdonaldtrump is dominating the discussion on Twitter with 79352 mentions today (via http://t.co/nexlCVB8ml )"
.@FoxNews should not put @KarlRove on—he has no credibility, a bush plant who called all races wrong.
Why do people listen to clown @KarlRove on @FoxNews? Spent $430M &amp; lost all races—a Bushy!
.@BradSteinle Thank you for yr wonderful tweet of July 4. I wanted a little time to go by before calling. Your sister &amp; family are amazing.
Via The Hill: Trump Tops National Poll for Second Straight Week  http://t.co/s6nxfqdSQs
We are no longer silent. We are energized &amp; ready to take our country back. Let’s Make America Great Again! https://t.co/u25yI5T7E8
Getting ready to land in Charlottesville, Virginia, at Trump Vineyards, another job producing development that I bought and made AMAZING!
Who do you want negotiating for us? https://t.co/WASlyxbG1j
Response to Hillary Clinton- http://t.co/nzYfehyURa
I can't believe that President Obama isn't able or willing to make just one phone call to the family of Kate Steinle.Come on Pres-MAKE CALL!
A nation without borders is no nation at all. We must build a wall. Let’s Make America Great Again! https://t.co/u25yI5T7E8
Matt Harvey @Mets -- Don't let the @NYDailyNews get you down---nobody reads it. Play well.
Ford is MOVING jobs from Michigan to Mexico AGAIN! http://t.co/TgVQ1458AJ As President, this will stop on Day One! Jobs will stay here.
Let Pete Rose into the Baseball Hall of Fame. It's time, he has paid a big and very long price!
I am so happy that people are boycotting Macy's http://t.co/qtmaEbeVy8
Very nice - @HuffingtonPost @pollsterpolls has me in first place at 18% and Bush second at 14% http://t.co/IXCbCtDUIp
I absolutely support Kate’s Law—in honor of the beautiful Kate Steinle who was gunned down in SF by an illegal immigrant.
Rush Limbaugh: "Trump Has Changed the Entire Debate on Immigration" http://t.co/894aXjRXDn
Have some fun with this- https://t.co/J59RW8tqQX
El Chapo comes to the U.S. often thru our border—it's been revealed he has CA drivers license. http://t.co/E7UA3eyP5O
Mexico’s totally corrupt gov’t looks horrible with El Chapo’s escape—totally corrupt. U.S. paid them $3 billion.
The joke around town is that I freed El Chapo from the Mexican prison because the timing was so good w/ my statements on border security.
.@McLaughlinGroup Greatly appreciate yr wonderful comments this weekend. People of “great accomplishment” should easily quality for prez.
Isn’t it interesting that now that I’m #1 in the polls, the networks show polls that are a month old!
When will people, and the media, start to apologize to me for my statement, "Mexico is sending....", which turned out to be true?  El Chapo
....likewise, billions of dollars gets brought into Mexico    through the border. We get the killers, drugs &amp; crime, they get the money!
El Chapo and the Mexican drug cartels use the border unimpeded like it was a  vacuum cleaner, sucking drugs and death right into the U.S.
The U.S. will invite El Chapo, the Mexican drug lord who just escaped prison, to become a U.S. citizen because our "leaders" can't say no!
.....but that's what I've been saying. Very unfair treatment by the media!
Now that the Mexican drug lord escaped from prison, everyone is saying that most of the cocaine etc. coming into the U.S. comes over border!
I hear that sleepy eyes @chucktodd will be fired like a dog from ratings starved Meet The Press? I can't imagine what is taking so long!
...Trump, however, would kick his ass!
Can you envision Jeb Bush or Hillary Clinton negotiating with 'El Chapo', the Mexican drug lord who escaped from prison? ....
Sleep eyes @ChuckTodd is killing Meet The Press. Isn't he pathetic? Love watching him fail!
Mexico's biggest drug lord escapes from jail. Unbelievable corruption and USA is paying the price.  I told you so!
Phoenix Convention Center officials did not want to have thousands of people standing outside in the heat, so they let them in. A GREAT day!
Convention Center officials in Phoenix don't want to admit that they broke the fire code by allowing 12-15,000 people in 4,000 code room.
Via @BreitbartNews by @AWRHawkins: "TRUMP PREACHES PEACE THROUGH STRENGTH IN PHOENIX" http://t.co/HCu2T8TFP2
I will not be able to attend the Miss USA pageant tomorrow night because I am campaigning in Phoenix. Wishing all well!
Legal immigrants want border security. It is common sense. We must build a wall! Let's Make America Great Again! http://t.co/I5CybmR0MF
Great @ANHQDC segment with @CharlesHurt: "Breaking Down the Trump Factor" http://t.co/PIo4YHPJlP Let's Make America Great Again!
Today I am standing with patriots in Arizona for border security! Build a wall! Let's Make America Great Again! https://t.co/Ve6IxqXqfb
Today I will be rallying with with 15,000 patriots in Arizona for border security! Let's Make America Great Again! https://t.co/u25yI5T7E8
Via @CNNPolitics by @mj_lee: "Father of murder victim to introduce Trump in Phoenix" http://t.co/JZuIg1cmEB
Getting ready to go to Las Vegas (Freedom Fest) - great crowd. Then on to amazing Phoenix - that will be a total happening! Love America.
Boycott @Macys and @Univision. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Has anyone seen the financials of @Univision. They are doing really badly. Too much debt and not enough viewers. Need money fast. Funny!
The Republicans who want to cut SS &amp; Medicaid are wrong. A robust economy will Make America Great Again! https://t.co/u25yI5T7E8
Via @CBNNews by @TheBrodyFile: “Donald Trump To Brody File in 2011: People Send Me Bibles” http://t.co/5QWk3GgBiB
A strong military will stop wars. Peace through Strength! Let’s Make America Great Again! https://t.co/u25yI5T7E8
“Tone it down? No way! Donald Trump needs to crank up the volume” http://t.co/3qSUVRaf6f via @FoxNews by @toddstarnes
I love that thousands of people are boycotting @Macys and cutting up credit cards. No guts no glory. This really backfired - love it!
Look forward to being in Phoenix tomorrow at 2:00 P.M. Hottest ticket in entire country. Was supposed to be 500 people, now many thousands!
Standing with Jamiel Shaw, Sabine Durdin, Don Rosenberg, Lupe Moreno, Brenda Sparks, Robin Hvidston &amp; their spouses. http://t.co/X67CF765jQ
Our biggest problems are solved by growth. We need a President who is a job creator. Let’s Make America Great Again! https://t.co/u25yI5T7E8
http://t.co/PtViAyrO4A
Laura--Massive crowd, had to move to Phoenix Convention Center. https://t.co/76fQCecDBd
Via @nypost by @GeoffEarle: “Polls show ‘President Trump’ may not be so far-fetched” http://t.co/C3v63rb9pD
I want to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain https://t.co/sRePS1nvIq
Jeb Bush just announced he raised over $100M. Everyone of those people who contributed are getting something to the detriment of America!
Iran continues to delay the nuclear deal while doing many bad things behind our backs. Time to WALK and double the sanctions. Stop payments!
Via @trscoop: "WHOA: Trump changing venues for Saturday rally in Arizona due to OVERWHELMING RESPONSE" http://t.co/nryPS8aPxA
BREAKING - Border security rally in Phoenix, AZ at 2PM MST has been moved to @PhoenixConvCtr! Build a wall! Let's Make America Great Again!
I'm on @CNN's @AC360 tonight @8pm &amp; @FoxNews' @seanhannity @ 10PM discussing immigration and lots of other things.#LetsMakeAmericaGreatAgain
Via @CNNPolitics by @JDiamond1: “Trump: RNC call was 'congratulatory'”http://t.co/9ZhIKiBqw5
"EXCLUSIVE — DONALD TRUMP ON THE GOP PRIMARY: ‘IF I WIN, I WILL BEAT HILLARY’" http://t.co/wlz13nYels via @BreitbartNews by Katie McHugh
Via @BreitbartNews by Katie McHugh:"POLL: DONALD TRUMP LEADS THE PACK AS GOP FRONTRUNNER" http://t.co/QHP8CZpM5q
Obama and Republicans are hollowing out our military. Now want to cut troop levels. Lowest level in over 20 years.
The elites want Common Core so they can take education out of parental control. NO! Let's Make America Great Again! https://t.co/u25yI5T7E8
True, thanks.  https://t.co/k0IxFL6NxK
Thanks. https://t.co/ewjfWYic4c
“TRUMP BATTLES THE NEW TOTALITARIANS: GOP elites join with leftists at Media Matters in targeting threat to both” http://t.co/Vd9FaOVcjr
Via “TRUMP: HILLARY PRESIDENCY WILL CAUSE ‘CRIME WAVE LIKE YOU’VE NEVER SEEN’” http://t.co/cTnLLwl1z4 via @BreitbartNews
“@limbaugh: 'Trump Has Changed the Entire Debate on Immigration'”  http://t.co/894aXjRXDn via @Newsmax_Media by Jason Devaney
Why does a failed magazine like @Forbes constantly seek out trivial nonsense? Their circulation way down. @Clare_OC
Dummy @Clare_OC @Forbes: Tiny fragrance deal with Parlux means nothing. Still sold at Trump Tower...
Dummy @Clare_OC from failing @Forbes magazine: NASCAR deal was 1 nite ballroom, ESPN was small golf outing...
Dummy writer @Clare_OC from failing @Forbes magazine works so hard to make such trivial license deals look important…
Via @EWErickson: “Stop Complaining About Donald Trump” http://t.co/CWx8gA5DTz
Watched chief negotiator for Iran on @charlierose last night. He is far smarter than our reps—increase sanctions and walk!
Totally false reporting on my call with @Reince Priebus. He called me, ten minutes, said I hit a “nerve", doing well, end!
You mean George Bush sends our soldiers into combat, they are severely wounded, and then he wants $120,000 to make a boring speech to them?
Jeb's brother George insisted on a $100,000 fee and $20,000 for a private jet to speak at a charity for severely wounded vets. Not nice!
Do you believe that highly overrated political pundit  @krauthammer said this is the best Republican field in 35 years. What a dope!
Via @DailyCaller by @samsondunn: “Pastor To Hispanic Congregation Speaks Out On Trump Immigrant Crime Statement” http://t.co/rfWcQ7wcjf
Via @mrctv by Ben Graham: "Border Reports Back Up Trump's 'Rapists' Claim" http://t.co/4UcpdSS8qK
Thank you @BrentBozell --- As you know I have been saying this for a long time http://t.co/4UcpdSS8qK
Via @businessinsider by @hunterw: “TRUMP UNLOADS: Hillary Clinton was 'the worst' and is 'extremely bad'” http://t.co/lPGSlczakP
Via @Ammoland by Fredy Riehl: “Donald Trump Talks: Gun Control, Assault Weapons, Gun Free Zones &amp; Self Defense” http://t.co/eLAVFVs6Zm
Dear @MaraLiasson, I greatly appreciate your fairness. My history shows I never disappoint. Looking forward to meeting you soon.
.@natalie_gulbis  Thank you for your support this morning on @GolfChannel. Even more importantly, play well this week! Say hi to all.
.@ronsirak Thank you for being so fair this morning on @GolfChannel—greatly appreciated.
Via @Newsmax_Media by @ChrisRuddyNMX: "Donald Trump and the End of Free Speech" http://t.co/XU36opl7ZL
I will be in California this weekend making a speech for Clint Eastwood. Then to Arizona and Vegas. Big crowds. Discussing illegals &amp; more!
We must restore the entrepreneurial spirit of our country. A small business boom. Let’s Make America Great Again! https://t.co/u25yI5T7E8
Via @limbaugh: “See, Trump Told You So” http://t.co/ATsX4mdcGl
“RUBIO’S GANG OF 8 BILL WOULD HAVE REWARDED SANCTUARY CITIES HARBORING ILLEGALS” http://t.co/on0rUCv4MG Marco is a politician-he flip flops!
MUST READ-"It's time people listened to Trump,' says mother of gunned-down teenage football star" http://t.co/7hs5RN8Qb7 SECURE THE BORDER!
Wow! I hear that thousands of people are cutting up their @Macys credit card. That's great. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
.@AnnCoulter U were great last nite @ericbolling on FOX. Our country has become a dumping ground for the world--I'll get it to stop &amp; fast!
People rarely say that many conservatives didn’t vote for Mitt Romney. If I can get them to vote for me, we win in a landslide.
We have got to take our country back. It's time!
Thx to all the people who called to say they are cutting their @Macys credit card as a protest against illegal immigrants pouring into US
I said simply that the Mexican leaders and negotiators are smarter than ours and that the Mexican gov't is pushing their hard core to U.S.
Thank you @loudobbsnews, I will be trying very hard to prove you right - great show!
It is time to create jobs for Americans, not D.C. We need a bold new direction. Let’s Make America Great Again! https://t.co/u25yI5T7E8
Flashback – Jeb Bush says  illegal immigrants breaking our laws is an “act of love” http://t.co/p8yFzVuw8w He will never secure the border.
Jeb Bush will never secure our border or negotiate great trade deals for American workers. Jeb doesn't see &amp; can't solve the problems.
I appreciate the GOP candidates who remain strong on border security. They know I am right. A nation without borders cannot survive.
Rick Perry failed at the border. Now he is critical of me. He needs a new pair of glasses to see the crimes committed by illegal immigrants.
Miss Universe, Paulina Vega, criticized me for telling the truth about illegal immigration, but then said she would keep the crown-Hypocrite
Via @BreitbartNews: "GAME ON: TRUMP RESPONDS TO JEB" http://t.co/whpR1m7FFz
Why would Republican candidates want the support of Mitt Romney. He lost an election against Obama that should NEVER have been lost!
What about the undocumented immigrant with a record who killed the beautiful young women (in front of her father) in San Fran. Get smart!
HAPPY 4TH OF JULY TO EVERYONE!  MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I will be on @foxandfriends this morning at 8:30. Enjoy!
Via @CNNPolitics by @teddyschleifer: "Trump: San Francisco killing shows perils of illegal immigration" http://t.co/WJ872PRCO5
.@TheJuanWilliams you never speak well of me &amp; yet when I saw you at Fox you ran over like a child and wanted a picture. Please share pic!
.@marcorubio what do you say to the family of Kathryn Steinle in CA who was viciously killed b/c we can't secure our border? Stand up for US
Where are the other candidates now that this tragic murder has taken place b/c of our unsafe border http://t.co/amaV7tqgAR We need a wall!
My heartfelt condolences to the family of Kathryn Steinle. Very, very sad!
Our Southern border is unsecure. I am the only one that can fix it, nobody else has the guts to even talk about it. http://t.co/ujz3jENIYo
Our Southern border is totally out of control. This is an absolutely disgraceful. situation.http://t.co/ujz3jENIYo We need border security!
Via @NRO by @JOELMENTUM: “Matchless Name Recognition and Deep Pockets Make Trump a Threat in Iowa” http://t.co/Wg3eBcDypo
We need jobs &amp; we need them fast. I am a job creator. None of the pols can or will. Let's Make America Great Again! https://t.co/u25yI5T7E8
Via @DailyCaller by @rpollockDC: “NYC Mayor Action Against Donald Trump Is ‘Not the American Way’” http://t.co/SnV1yXVs4P
"A nation that cannot control its borders is not a nation." - President Ronald Reagan
Wow, Huffington Post just stated that I am number 1 in the polls of Republican candidates. Thank you, but the work has just begun!
Mexican leaders and negotiators are much tougher and smarter than those of the U.S. Mexico is killing us on jobs and trade. WAKE UP!
As Governor of Texas, Rick Perry could have done far more to secure the border - but that's O.K., I like him anyway!  @GovernorPerry
It is time to bring competence to Washington. It is time get results. Let’s Make America Great Again! https://t.co/u25yI6aIvG
Obama once again just missed a self-imposed deadline with Iran. Our leadership is weak &amp; ineffective. Double the sanctions!
A country must enforce its borders. Respect for the rule of law is at our country’s core. We must build a wall! https://t.co/u25yI5T7E8
New orders for manufacturing down 9/10 months  http://t.co/RD1blUZyRn Time for fair trade. Stop TPP!
Via @RedState by @EWErickson: “Always Play On Offense” http://t.co/mF3OjUMjp3
New jobs report: 432,000 left workforce, manufacturing &amp; durable goods go - http://t.co/RD1blUZyRn We need leaders who understand business.
“TRUMP DECLARES VICTORY ON IMMIGRATION AS OBAMA ADMITS SOME ILLEGALS ARE ‘GANG BANGERS’” http://t.co/e0HLxf1dS2 via @BreitbartNews @ASwoyer
Great article by @RichLowry on @POLITICOMag : “Sorry, Donald Trump Has A Point” http://t.co/5irmxJjPWk
Via Huffington Post "Congrats, America! Donald Trump Is Now A 2016 Presidential Front-runner" http://t.co/X1YYz7x002 by Igor Bobic
Via World Tribune "The elites' problem with Donald Trump: He's not for sale" by Jeffrey T. Kuhner http://t.co/ez08iprQH1
Via @trscoop: “Mark Levin DEFENDS Trump: Hillary Clinton is a CROOK and a FRAUD and she’s not treated this way!” http://t.co/MdU0pvTThi
“NBC FIRES TRUMP, KEEPS SHARPTON: The bigots of the NBC executive suite look the other way” http://t.co/EfQk8cbbTR via @AmSpec by @JeffJlpa1
“Trump Gives 'Em Hell” http://t.co/dD53I0PeXw via @limbaugh
Why doesn’t somebody study the horrible charges brought against @Macys for racial profiling? Terrible hypocrites!
.@Macys stock just dropped. Interesting. So many people calling to say they are cutting up their @Macys credit card. Thank you!
Make our borders strong and stop illegal immigration. Even President Obama agrees- https://t.co/OcKfUFgSPU
Look what the President of NBC sent me recently about his stay in my Las Vegas hotel. Very loyal guy. https://t.co/J9bsbc1WEN
Who is @Macys to pretend innocence when they “racial profile” all over the place? Paid big fine!
Interesting that @Macys criticized me but just paid $650,000 in fines for racial profiling. Are they racists?
.@GovernorPataki  couldn’t be elected dog catcher if he ran again—so he didn’t!
.@GovernorPataki was a terrible governor of NY, one of the worst -- would’ve been swamped if he ran again!
.@andersoncooper  Anderson—Thank you for being so fair with your reporting &amp; story last night. Greatly appreciated!
For all of those who want to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain, boycott @Macys. They are weak on border security &amp; stopping illegal immigration.
Those who believe in tight border security, stopping illegal immigration &amp;  SMART trade deals w/other countries should boycott @Macys.
My recent statement re: @macys -- We must have strong borders &amp; stop illegal immigration now!… https://t.co/HLCboRmTbl
Get ready for @Oreillyfactor tonight at 8- always interesting!
Via @THESHARKTANK1: "Donald Trump's Controversial Mexican Comments Are Accurate" http://t.co/nYL2QQMwKZ
My just filed lawsuit against Univision. Always fight back when right. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain https://t.co/ies96YzSeG
Watch me on the @oreillyfactor tonight at 8PM.
@tedcruz, now I know you're smart! See you soon. http://t.co/vzVHbA1TAr#TCOT #MAKEAMERICAGREATAGAIN!
Thank you Ted. https://t.co/MVUzSAn6ru
I love the Mexican people, but Mexico is not our friend. They're killing us at the border and they're killing us on jobs and trade. FIGHT!
We MUST have strong borders and stop illegal immigration. Without that we do not have a country. Also, Mexico is killing U.S. on trade. WIN!
Statement on Relationship with NBC- https://t.co/BpczGaIGWq
Speaking at the City Club of Chicago. Sold out in minutes with thousands on the wait list!… https://t.co/7SKav05hnA
Via @JNSworldnews by @JacobKamarasJNS:  "Donald Trump says he is no apprentice when it comes to Israel"http://t.co/O4yHtwCzbm
Remember, Univision apologized!
Saudi Arabia should be paying the United States many billions of dollars for our defense of them. Without us, gone!  @AlWaleedbinT
.@jorgeramosnews Please send me your new number, your old one’s not working. Sincerely, Donald J. Trump
Univision apologized to me but I will not accept their apology. I will be suing them for a lot of money. Miss U.S.A. contestants are hurt!
.@NYDailyNews, the dying tabloid owned by dopey clown Mort Zuckerman, puts me on the cover daily because I sell. My honor, but it is dead!
See story in Fusion and Huff. Post about rape at the border. Beyond terrible! Isn't Fusion owned by Univision?
Via @thehill by @martinmatishak: “Trump: ‘We look like we’re beggars’ in Iran nuclear talks” http://t.co/z8RpCnuGN1
Will be in Chicago tomorrow for a record setting (by far) luncheon.
Addressing record crowd @ Madison County Iowa GOP Dinner. We can bring common sense to DC &amp; Make America Great Again! http://t.co/mI7j7XDzOY
Must read article via @fitsnews: "DONALD TRUMP VERSUS MEXICO" http://t.co/tdjtvtB6NB
A great article by @NolteNCspelling out the truth on Mexico, trade, the border &amp; illegals. Thank you @BreitbartNews http://t.co/oJnV2OXcEc
I'll be in Iowa tonight making a speech to a record setting crowd. The word is getting out, MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
The leader and negotiators representing Mexico are far smarter and more cunning than the leader and negotiators representing the U.S.!
Only very stupid people think that the United States is making good trade deals with Mexico.Mexico is killing us at the border and at trade!
.@billmaher: Bill, you are really beginning to understand what is going on with "Trump" - actually, you always knew!
When you are in a war, or even a battle, losing is not an option!
When somebody challenges you unfairly, fight back - be brutal, be tough - don't take it. It is always important to WIN!
Letter to @Univision - Re: @TrumpDoral https://t.co/6mauCmg6uO
If I win the presidency, my judicial appointments will do the right thing unlike Bush's appointee John Roberts on ObamaCare.
.@Univision cares far more about Mexico than it does about the U.S.  Are they controlled by the Mexican government?
Anyone who wants strong borders and good trade deals for the US should boycott @Univision.
Once again the Bush appointed  Supreme Court Justice John Roberts has let us down. Jeb pushed him hard! Remember!
I love Mexico but not the unfair trade deals that the US so stupidly makes with them. Really bad for US jobs, only good for Mexico.
Univision wants to back out of signed @MissUniverse contract because I exposed the terrible trade deals that the U.S. makes with Mexico.
Mexican gov doesn't want me talking about terrible border situation &amp; horrible trade deals. Forcing Univision to get me to stop- no way!
Governor Rick Scott of Florida did really poorly on television this morning. I hope he is O.K.
I hear that dopey political pundit, Lawrence O'Donnell, one of the dumber people on television, is about to lose his show-no ratings?Too bad
We have to bring back and cherish the middle class - once the backbone and true strength of the U.S.A. It can happen!
My message, MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN, is beginning to take hold. Bring back our jobs, strengthen our military and borders, help our VETS!
My daughter Ivanka did great tonight in New Hampshire. The sold out crowd loved her, and she loved them. Thanks Ivanka!
.@WhoopiGoldberg had better surround herself with better hosts than Nicole Wallace, who doesn't have a clue. The show is close to death!
The ratings for The View are really low. Nicole Wallace and Molly Sims are a disaster. Get new cast or just put it to  sleep. Dead T.V.
I am really beginning to respect Mark Halperin and John Heilemann as political reporters - they truly get why "Trump" poll numbers are high.
Just out, the new nationwide @FoxNews poll has me alone in 2nd place, closely behind Jeb Bush-but Bush will NEVER Make America Great Again!
Uncomfortable looking NBC reporter Willie Geist calls me to ask for favors and then mockingly smiles when he is told of my high poll numbers
.@Neilyoung’s song, “Rockin’ In The Free World” was just one of 10 songs used as background music. Didn’t love it anyway.
For the nonbeliever, here is a photo of @Neilyoung in my office and his $$ request—total hypocrite. http://t.co/Xm4BJvetIa
.@Neilyoung A few months ago Neil Young came to my office looking for $$ on an audio deal &amp; called me last week to go to his concert. Wow!
My daughter, Ivanka, will be representing me today at the opening of our campaign office in Manchester, NH  #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
Thank you.  https://t.co/H8ZxLh6NCd
Politician @SenatorCardin didn't like that I said Baltimore needs jobs &amp; spirit. It's politicians like Cardin that have destroyed Baltimore.
The highly respected Suffolk University poll just announced that I am alone in 2nd place in New Hampshire, with Jeb Bust (Bush) in first.
Speaking at the Red, White and Blue Dinner in Maryland- https://t.co/TzuXN715fQ
Via @fitsnews:“Donald Trump Surges In New Hampshire Poll: MOGUL, REALITY STAR EMERGES AS GRANITE STATE’S ‘ANTI-BUSH’ http://t.co/TqFBtG9PHc
My @gretawire interview on @FoxNewsInsider “Trump: 'Last Person I'd Want Negotiating for Me Is Obama'” http://t.co/DCIhNlGmdT
Via @WSJPolitics by @reidepstein: “Trump Surges in Popularity in N.H.” http://t.co/Iw6O3qhquR
“Donald trump files statement of candidacy” http://t.co/uiMCfHmtMU via @CBSNews
Via @bpolitics by @emtitus: ”Defying Doubters, Donald Trump Makes Presidential Bid Official” http://t.co/Cjz7p3hFPX
Today I filed my Statement of Candidacy with the FEC. Let's #MakeAmericaGreatAgain https://t.co/DB4q4J2gKn
True. https://t.co/wjffOyAxZM
.@DanaPerino  Have you released a copy of the beautiful thank you card you sent me? Would you like to see it? @ericbolling @kimguilfoyle
Entrepreneurs: Brainpower is the ultimate leverage. Don't underestimate yourself or your possibilities.
Entrepreneurs: Be tough, be smart, be personable, but don't take things personally. That's good business.
Entrepreneurs: Negotiation is an art. Treat it like one.
The Senate must NOT pass TPA! Any Senator who votes for it is disqualified for being POTUS. Protect the American worker and manufacturer!
Flashback – Jeb Bush received a $4M tax payer bailout in 1990 http://t.co/R2bpNbRQRX  Guess who was POTUS then?
Who do you want negotiating for us? #MakeAmericaGreatAgain https://t.co/WASlyxbG1j
It's time for government to stop picking winners &amp; losers. Let’s make sure everyone can achieve the American dream! https://t.co/u25yI5T7E8
.@JordanSpieth  Great job--you are a true champion! See you soon.
"Hillary Clinton Dominates the Pack in Fake Twitter Followers" http://t.co/e16f6FM8uQ
Thank you. https://t.co/l4g1VmXsCn
.@deneenborelli  Thank you for your nice words--greatly appreciated.
I want to thank Elizabeth, Steve, Brian and all of the great folks of @foxandfriends for the long and successful run we had together. NICE!
Sadly, I will no longer be doing @foxandfriends at 7:00 A.M. on Mondays. This is because I am running for president and law prohibits. LOVE!
.@KarlRove still thinks Romney won! He doesn't have a clue! @FoxNews
.@KarlRove stated clearly that he wants to repeal the 2nd Amendment. I thought @FoxNews was going to fire that jerk after his Romney fiasco?
The great Mike Wallace covered me in a much more professional manner than his son, Chris Wallace of @FoxNews. Mike was a total pro!
.@MarthaRaddatz was so unprofessional and biased when discussing me on This Week. @GStephanopoulos should not allow this conduct!
.@KarlRove, who spent $430 million in the last cycle and didn't win one race, said I'm not a candidate until I file papers. Next week Karl!
Via @BreitbartNews by @ASwoyer: "Exclusive: Trump Slams Obamatrade, Stands Up For American Jobs"http://t.co/kE5pjagvtq
Happy Father's Day to all! I had a wonderful and loving father. https://t.co/SdrRctSxhu
Via @nypost by @JonathonTrugman: "Donald Trump’s resume backs his run for president" http://t.co/mDKEOW9vrf
Who would you rather have negotiating for the U.S. against Putin, Iran, China, etc., Donald Trump or Hillary? Is there even a little doubt?
Thank you @AnnCoulter for your nice words. The U.S. is becoming a dumping ground for the world. Pols don't get it. Make America Great Again!
My speech is right now on C-SPAN 1
Druggies, drug dealers, rapists and killers are coming across the southern border. When will the U.S. get smart and stop this travesty?
Mexico is killing the United States economically because their leaders and negotiators are FAR smarter than ours. But nobody beats Trump!
I like Mexico and love the spirit of  Mexican people, but we must protect our borders from people, from all over, pouring into the U.S.
Why did @DanaPerino beg me for a tweet (endorsement) when her book was launched?
Our country is in a major crisis of incompetent leadership. We cannot continue to go on with these politicians who do nothing but talk.
Via @WashTimes by @CharlesHurt: "Donald Trump declares war on lying, street-hustlers of Congress”  http://t.co/IonH0WEDEs
Out of hundreds of deals &amp; transactions, I have used the bankruptcy laws a few times to make deals better. Nothing personal, just business.
Almost every major dealmaker has used the bankruptcy laws as a business tool. Icahn, Black, Zell—but nobody says they went bankrupt!
People buy deals &amp; immediately put them into bankruptcy in order to make better deals. It’s a very effective &amp; commonly used business tool.
Stop saying I went bankrupt. I never went bankrupt but like many great business people have used the laws to corporate advantage—smart!
Hillary Clinton reaches new low. #TrumpVlog https://t.co/kgmQ2jVF6b
Has Charles @krauthammer ever apologized for being so totally wrong on Iraq? I called it right in every way—Make America Great Again!
George Will was a big Iraq fool.  $2 trillion, thousands of lives lost -- &amp; we got nothing! Dummy.
Goofy political pundit George Will spoke at Mar-a-Lago years ago. I didn’t attend because he’s boring &amp; often wrong—a total dope!
Just watched Brian Williams on @TODAYshow - very sad! Brian should get on with a new life and not start all over at @msnbc. Stop apologizing
Trump Nat'l Golf Club Philadelphia, 360 beautiful acres as designed by Tom Fazio with views of the Philly skyline.  http://t.co/jha0m0W4Kk
Watch my appearance on @Morning_Joe - great interview! http://t.co/ZVftDka774
The tragedy in South Carolina is incomprehensible. My deepest condolences to all.
Trump Int'l Hotel &amp; Tower, Chicago, has received accolades for design, service &amp; our signature restaurant, "Sixteen" http://t.co/4oJj9nQnUH
Thank you. https://t.co/cTB9G0sAl0
Speaking to great patriots @MCC_CT. My first visit to Granite State since declaring my candidacy! #FITN https://t.co/HfdDwzjOf0
Heading to New Hampshire. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain https://t.co/qTMiYoR9wu
We need someone with experience to rebuild America. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain https://t.co/Y5Wq9LuCT0
Only a fool would buy the @NYDailyNews. Loses fortune &amp; has zero gravitas. Let it die!
Thank you Sarah--Let's have pizza in New York soon with you &amp; your great family https://t.co/SQ6LsNZ6UC
Enjoyed watching @MonicaCrowley's analysis of my @BillOreilly interview. Great points! Thank you, Monica.
@ericbolling, in addition,no doubt you would have been amazing on @ApprenticeNBC! Keep up the great work.
Thanks @greggutfeld. Really nice! I’m glad I did your show. @GregGutfeldShow
@ericbolling, watched you on my flight to Iowa. Will not be forgotten.
Dear @kimguilfoyle, Thank you so much for your nice words today on @TheFive. Will not be forgotten! In Iowa now. Packed house!
Today I officially declared my candidacy for President of the United States. Watch the video of my full speech- https://t.co/gonTk0o9Dt
Thanks Eric. https://t.co/phUbaTvq8d
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain https://t.co/JguVmqXqWA
I am officially running for President of the United States. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain https://t.co/Ct0lNu7kz0
LIVE on #Periscope: Major announcement! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain https://t.co/XW3PqHemNq
Thanks Geraldo, you're a champion. https://t.co/APfc0PThCP
11AM #MakeAmericaGreatAgain https://t.co/445bOdp6QY
Make sure to follow me on @periscopeco. I will be streaming my announcement at 11AM.
In one hour I will be making a major announcement from Trump Tower. Watch it live on Periscope! https://t.co/kYOHIpBzan
Make sure to follow me on @periscopeco #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
It is almost time. I will be making a major announcement from @TrumpTowerNY at 11AM. Follow on social media! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Thanks. https://t.co/eZfgrOy1Hn
Big time in U.S. today - MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Politicians are all talk and no action - they can never bring us back.
Do we really need another Bush in the White House--- we have had enough of them. https://t.co/sbUVyBG6KE
Great! https://t.co/U7G3tR4nFS
Thanks.  https://t.co/feCMQ53SwE
Will do, thanks.  https://t.co/5Zc3D8YLNs
Great! https://t.co/8O3eTKjZrd
Thanks.  https://t.co/qh8TxiZPlX
LIVE on #Periscope https://t.co/H8lRtZBGEb
Tomorrow at 11AM #MakeAmericaGreatAgain https://t.co/pDMndTOVvc
Tomorrow will be a really big day for America. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Tuesday will be a big day for our country to do a complete turnaround. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Remember, politicians are all talk and no action - they will never be able to MAKE OUR COUNTRY GREAT AGAIN! Controlled by lobbyists &amp; donors
I am really happy that Hillary made her speech right under Trump World Tower!
Thank you. https://t.co/smmV2DM1sq
Thank you. https://t.co/VsKy1KD3dY
Should not pass--bad deal! https://t.co/AR4Ugjru9t
Thanks. https://t.co/R1YuKaA8B8
Thank you. https://t.co/EUpOjm2WvT
True! https://t.co/KBA4S0xlrv
Entrepreneurs: Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail. -- Ralph Waldo Emerson
Entrepreneurs: Focus on your goals, not on fixed patterns. Do what's necessary and what's unnecessary will be made clear.
Entrepreneurs: Don’t sell yourself short. Don’t ever think you’ve done it all already or that you’ve done your best.
Entrepreneurs: Keep your eyes on your ideals as well as reality. Accentuate the positive without being blind to the negative.
Looking for Father's Day gift? @Miamimagazine named the spa @TrumpDoral one of the best places for men to relax http://t.co/kvQ5Z29BW7
Thank you. https://t.co/gMaAhxP2yb
Thanks. https://t.co/u4j2avDT65
Thank you.  https://t.co/xKLoLR7wXh
Thank you. https://t.co/fOan05rD1P
There is. https://t.co/nCOUYoClDN
Thanks &amp; I won't let you down.  https://t.co/i6SFQgtxYl
Thanks.  https://t.co/tfBCPYAmLC
Great, thanks. https://t.co/hr70LTvw4y
Thank you. https://t.co/b49iaYvTYz
Video: Trump Golf Links at Ferry Point @TrumpFerryPoint  https://t.co/KWu2BtJ8WL
Congratulations to @TrumpPanama for winning the 2015 Traveler's Choice Award from @TripAdvisor http://t.co/emL8GvIPln
Thank you @CrainsChicago for featuring @TrumpChicago in your list of "Best Private Dining Rooms in Chicago." http://t.co/dk2mAA5PU7
Entrepreneurs:  Review your work habits regularly and make sure they are taking you in the right direction. Keep your focus intact.
Entrepreneurs: Take responsibility for yourself. It’s a very empowering attitude.
Entrepreneurs: Follow your own path—it will bring you to the places you were meant to be.
Our @TrumpNewYork is really starting the summer on the right foot with their #wellness program as seen in @TandCmag: http://t.co/YM8JQagPBq
Thank you @CrainsChicago for featuring @TrumpChicago in your list of "Best Private Dining Rooms in Chicago." http://t.co/dk2mAA5PU7
Thank you. https://t.co/iLMv2vOez7
Via Hardball with Chris Matthews   http://t.co/05E6lQO9NL
Via @TheTodaysGolfer “@TrumpScotland gets new clubhouse” http://t.co/lEWIE55RMO
"Dee Dee Sorvino @deedeegop I am betting on Trump"
Via the New York Times http://t.co/IHwSRd0hXm
Via @Newsmax_Media by “Poll: Trump Surges Among GOP Hopefuls in NH” http://t.co/dJh9TeL6TT
Trump Int'l Hotel &amp; Tower New York, includes Central Park views &amp; our signature restaurant, Jean Georges. Perfection! http://t.co/yeFArpJy8H
Trump Turnberry is a spectacular place--and home to four of the greatest Open Championships of all time. http://t.co/BVsLbZTA46
Via @GravisMarketing: “New Hampshire Poll: Trump into top-tier status” http://t.co/4Mtfx9J044
Amazing NH poll released! We are getting ready to Make America Great Again! http://t.co/gdRpkRwySd
Trump National Golf Club Los Angeles offers 18 holes fronting the Pacific Ocean on the Palos Verdes Peninsula. http://t.co/Gktsmo70Jc
Loved doing #NCGOPConvention keynote speech last night! Unbelievable reception. Had the biggest crowds by far of any of the GOP candidates.
Will be doing @foxandfriends live tomorrow at 7AM ET from Europe.
Going to Scotland, Ireland &amp; other places in Europe to close up deals. Getting ready for the June 16th announcement @TrumpTowerNY!
Via @newsobserver by @RaleighReporter: "In Raleigh, Donald Trump all but announces presidential bid" http://t.co/5dt2G7haSy
Just received a standing ovation at #NCGOPCon when I said, "We need to bring the American Dream back better and stronger than ever before!"
Just said at #NCGOPCon that "I'm not beholden to lobbyists and donors! No special interest would control me if I were in office."
Just made the point at #NCGOPcon that "we have to protect our border &amp; I think everyone here knows, nobody can build a wall like Trump!"
Just received applause at #NCGOPcon when I said  "People ask me why I may run for President-- I might so we can Make America Great Again!
Just said at #NCGOPcon that "politicians are all talk and no action and we are all tired of it! We need action and results to move forward!"
Received a standing applause at #NCGOPcon when I said "to have free trade be fair for the US we need really intelligent negotiators."
Just Introduced at #NCGOPcon as the country's highest paid speaker. Told the record crowd of 650 I am to be speaking here for free!
Going to North Carolina to make keynote speech - sold out crowd!
“Our runaway judiciary is badly in need of restraint by Congress.” - Phyllis Schlafly
Our nation has a duty to care for our vets &amp; their families. It's time to do it! Let’s Make America Great Again! https://t.co/u25yI5T7E8
We must stop Common Core from controlling state &amp; local curriculums. It is a federal grab of education. Keep education local!
China just hacked our federal government &amp; stole gov. workers’ information. Why do our leaders let China get away with this?! No respect.
Via @globegazette by @GGMaryP: “Trump: We'll bring American dream back” http://t.co/fEUEN6C1Yo
“Donald Trump: I’ve made up my mind on 2016” http://t.co/gqkXdWoN26  via @msnbc by @janestreet
.@GretchenCarlson's memoir is a powerful example of perseverance &amp; hope. “Getting Real” is as real as it gets. Get it &amp; enjoy! #GettingReal
Looking forward to keynoting the @NCGOP #NCGOPcon dinner tomorrow night!  @NCGOP is a top state party!
Via @DMRegister by @BylineAndyDavis: “Donald Trump speaks to veterans, residents in Coralville” http://t.co/U96iaagHlD
Trump International Golf Club Turnberry, Scotland -- home to four of the greatest Open Championships of all time.. http://t.co/BVsLbZTA46
Was in Iowa yesterday-great people. Record crowds at both speeches. Something big is happening. Pols are all talk. Make America great again!
Dummy political pundit @krauthammer constantly pressed the crazy war in Iraq. Many lives and trillions of dollars wasted. U.S. got NOTHING!
.@krauthammer pretends to be a smart guy, but if you look at his record, he isn't. A dummy who is on too many Fox shows. An overrated clown!
One of the worst and most boring political pundits on television is @krauthammer. A totally overrated clown who speaks without knowing facts
With great patriots in Mason City who also want to bring the American Dream back! We can Make America Great Again! http://t.co/hOqGwzrLBA
Standing ovation after promising to bring the American Dream back, and better than ever before! https://t.co/8vsdgAJSEf
Standing room only in Mason City, Iowa! Thanks to the record crowd of over 400 supporters! https://t.co/GXinb8lPGa
Via @KCRG by @markwcarlson: “Donald Trump stops in Coralville” http://t.co/lQp890xz7z
Trump Nat'l Golf Club, Philadelphia, is a 360 acre beauty and an award winning Tom Fazio designed course--fantastic! http://t.co/jha0m0W4Kk
Entrepreneurs: Vision remains vision until you focus, do the work, and bring it down to earth where it will do some good.
Re Negotiation: Think about what the other side wants. Know where they're coming from. View any conflict as an opportunity. Be flexible.
Entrepreneurs: Negotiation is an art. Treat it like one.
“Fortunately for a quarterback, you can play for a long time because you don't get hit very often.” – Tom Brady @SuperBowl @Patriots
Just as I predicted, while Obama lifted sanctions 18 months ago, Iran cheated &amp; increased its nuclear fuel by 20%. We must DOUBLE sanctions!
Excited to be returning to the @NCGOP State Convention as the Keynote of Saturday’s dinner! @NCGOP is a strong Conservative state party!
Bureaucratic red tape and overregulation are discouraging the American dream. It’s time for a bold new direction! https://t.co/u25yI5T7E8
Via @CarrGaz: “Trump to jet in to unveil Trump @TurnberryBuzz clubhouse” http://t.co/sEM5NaysV7
Looking forward to visiting Mason City, Iowa, tomorrow. Will be my 8th day in the Hawkeye State this year! http://t.co/II29WqZ7WH
“I love it when people doubt me. It makes me work harder to prove them wrong.” – Derek Jeter
The Trans-Pacific Partnership will increase our trade deficits &amp; send even more jobs overseas. This is a bad deal. Time for smart trade!
Too bad I don't get this for political speeches- they cost me a fortune! https://t.co/dR4gV4vUHe
The Spa @TrumpWaikiki offers unique treatments that use traditional Hawaiian botanicals &amp; healing techniques http://t.co/cRZvjkkwY7
Entrepreneurs: Set the bar high and resolve to be bigger than your problems. Who's the boss?
Entrepreneurs: There's nothing wrong with bringing your talents to the surface. Having an ego and acknowledging it is a healthy choice.
Entrepreneurs: Achievers move forward at all times. Achievement is not a plateau, it's a beginning. Get out there &amp; go for it!
“The Constitution is the guide which I never will abandon” - George Washington
.@TrumpGolfLA is proud to be hosting @PGAGrandSlam where all 4 Major Champions will square off. October 2015. http://t.co/osMVxnwxS8
Via @G_Liberty_Voice by Melody Dareing: “Donald Trump Wants to Build a Wall Between U.S. And Mexico” http://t.co/fpYTPAInv0
Via @ChristianToday: “Donald Trump vows to be the 'greatest representative of Christians' if he wins White House” http://t.co/pxCk9qSx7g
All the haters &amp; losers must admit that, unlike others, I never attacked dopey Jon Stewart for his phony last name. Would never do that!
While Jon Stewart is a joke, not very bright and totally overrated, some losers and haters will miss him &amp; his dumb clown humor. Too bad!
June 16th- https://t.co/jYqz5rKooJ
Awarded 5 Stars by @ForbesInspector, @TrumpChicago’s @SixteenChicago offers   Executive Chef @cheflents’s new menu http://t.co/Wdl4pd8Y10
For those of you that have conveniently forgotten, dummy Jon Stewart is a bad filmmaker. His last effort was a real bomb (in all ways)!
Jon Stewart is the most overrated joke on television. A wiseguy with no talent. Not smart, but convinces dopes he is! Fading out fast.
I will be on @foxandfriends at 7:00 A.M.  ENJOY!
For those of you that have conveniently fotgotten, dummy Jon Stewart is a bad filmmaker. His last effort was a real bomb (in all ways)!
I would like to offer Vice President Biden my warmest condolences on the loss of his wonderful son, Beau. Met him once, great guy!
All the haters and losers must admit that, unlike others,  I never attacked dopey Jon Stewart for his phony last name. Would never do that!
While Jon Stewart is a joke, not very bright and totally overrated, some losers and haters will miss him and his dumb clown humor. Too bad!
Jon Stewart is the most overrated joke on television. A wiseguy with no talent. Not smart, but convinces dopes he is! Fading out fast.
Wow, the economy is really bad! GROSS DOMESTIC PRODUCT down 0.7% in 1st. quarter - and getting worse. I TOLD YOU SO! Only I can fix.
“Confidence is contagious. So is lack of confidence.” - Vince Lombardi
ICYMI, Via @nypost by Post Editorial Board: “@TrumpFerryPoint: New Gem in the Bronx” http://t.co/CpDo1mPaHm
Via @paramuspost: “@TrumpSoHo New York Debuts Sizzling Summer Offerings” http://t.co/CkFeSe3xiH
“Donald Trump To Be In Mason City June 4th”  http://t.co/II29WqZ7WH via @KCHA
“@TrumpFerryPoint was something we’ve been working on for years and Donald Trump got it to the finish line.” - @rubendiazjr
Trump Int'l Golf Links &amp; Hotel, Ireland, is on 400 beautiful acres &amp; fronts the Atlantic Ocean for 2.5 miles. Spectac!http://t.co/nT7zundGmV
Entrepreneurs: Ask yourself: What can I provide that does not yet exist? Be open to new ideas. Be innovative!
Entrepreneurs: Set the example. You can motivate others as well as yourself by remembering that you are setting the example.
Entrepreneurs: Get--and keep--your momentum going. Without momentum, a lot of great ideas go nowhere.
Required reading 4 success in politics &amp; life read @kimguilfoyle's book #MakingTheCase. Brilliant Advice !  http://t.co/F64qOBW4zv
I had a fantastic time with @jacknicklaus at the grand opening of the great @TrumpFerryPoint. Watch the video- https://t.co/dvZIzdtuSE
“Face reality as it is, not as it was or as you wish it to be.” - @jack_welch
It’s time for politicians to be reminded they work for us! We can get it done. Let’s Make America Great Again! https://t.co/u25yI5T7E8
ObamaCare premiums could jump as high as 51% http://t.co/BdBnj4hm99 Terrible for economy. Repeal &amp; Replace with free market solution!
Common Core is a federal takeover of school curriculum. Department of Education should be disbanded not expanded. Focus on local education.
Via @AmericanThinker by Malcolm Unwell: “Taking Trump Seriously” http://t.co/RbpJsMDE2M
“Get some face time in The Spa at @TrumpLasVegas” http://t.co/pRzzlV2u0J  via @Vegascom by Renée Libutti
My @greta int. on @FoxNews on how to defeat ISIS, Obama losing ground to ISIS, &amp; Making America Great Again! http://t.co/1d4mPmJFaa
Via @CBNNews by @TheBrodyFile: “Donald Trump: 'We Must Make America Great Again'”  http://t.co/3tTIu2lnNE
In the end, you're measured not by how much you undertake, but by what you finally accomplish!
"Watch, listen, and learn. You can't know it all yourself. Anyone who thinks they do is destined for mediocrity." Donald Trump"
Politicians are all talk and no action. Bush and Rubio couldn't answer simple question on Iraq. They will NEVER make America great again!
Good advice from my mother: "Trust in God and be true to yourself." -- Mary Trump
Good advice from my father: "Know everything you can about what you're doing." --  Fred C. Trump
“@jacknicklaus elated at official grand opening of @TrumpFerryPoint”  http://t.co/VmcJZAO065 via @nypost by @NYPost_Willis
In business, you make decisions that are in your best interests. Time for the US gov't to do the same. Let’s Make America Great Again!
Resolve never to quit, never to give up, no matter what the situation. -- Jack Nicklaus
On 800 pristine Miami acres, @TrumpDoral boasts luxurious accommodations, world-class dining &amp; championship golf http://t.co/E2BnVQeO0M
A quote from the late, great golfer, Sam Snead: "Practice puts brains in your muscles!" THIS IS TRUE ALSO IN LIFE.
Will be doing @greta interview  tomorrow. So much to talk about!
.@AnnCoulter's new book-- "Adios, America! The Left's Plan to Turn Our Country into a Third World Hellhole"-- is a great read. Good job!
“Everyone's dream can come true if you just stick to it and work hard.” - @serenawilliams
Entrepreneurs: Realize that persistence can go a long way. Being stubborn is often an attribute.
Entrepreneurs: Problems are a mind exercise. Enjoy the challenge.
Entrepreneurs: See yourself as victorious--look at the solution, not the problem.
If any candidate believes that with what we know today we still should have invaded Iraq then they are unqualified to be Commander-in-Chief.
Whether you think you can or think you can't---you are right. -- Henry Ford
My honor. https://t.co/GUKHHTBuSI
I will be going to Trump Links at Ferry Point for the official opening of this long delayed  (but future NYC treasure) course. Great job "D"
The middle-class has become the new poor in this country and our incompetent politicians are unable to do anything about it.They don't care!
I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 7:00 A.M.
I would like to wish everyone, including all haters and losers (of which, sadly, there are many) a truly happy and enjoyable Memorial Day!
Nobody understands politicians like I do - all talk and no action. They will never get our country where it needs to be, truly great again!
Think BIG! You are going to be thinking anyway, so you might as well  think BIG!
I told @megynkelly that @oreillyfactor and I had identical views on a certain issue and she cut it out of the taped interview. Why? Too bad!
A strong America creates opportunity and growth. We just need to change Washington. Let’s Make America Great Again! https://t.co/u25yI5T7E8
On this Memorial Day holiday, we honor our fallen soldiers who have made the greatest sacrifice for freedom. They are our country’s finest.
“Patriotism is supporting your country all the time, and your government when it deserves it.” – Mark Twain
Trump Golf Links at Ferry Point: Grand Opening next Tuesday May 26th at 11 AM. Jack Nicklaus will be joining me. http://t.co/XovcybFo0P
"If I run, and if I win, our country will be great again." - last line of my @SRQRepublicans speech
"Our country is not going to have a comeback with any politician." - my @SRQRepublicans speech
Audience chanting "RUN TRUMP RUN!" during my my @SRQRepublicans speech! They are going to be very happy...
"I said don't invade Iraq from the very beginning." - my @SRQRepublicans speech
"I am going to save Social Security without any cuts. I know where to get the money from. Nobody else does." - my @SRQRepublicans speech
Via @ABCPolitics by @ajdukakis &amp; @rickklein: "Mr. Trump Goes to Washington And Talks 2016" http://t.co/8UHtf2Pv7L
"Many Republicans support TPP. They are stupid. We have stupid Republicans too. We need to keep jobs here!" - my @SRQRepublicans speech
"Negotiation is a true talent. It is an art. And our politicians are killing our country b/c they don't have it." - @SRQRepublicans speech
"I would triple the sanctions on Iran if the American pastor is not released." - my  @SRQRepublicans speech
"I make good deals. That's what I do. I would make great deals for our country." - my @SRQRepublicans speech
Just received huge applause when I said Berghdal should be sent back to Afghanistan! @SRQRepublicans speech is sold out with record crowd.
"Wouldn't it be nice if our government could build a wall on the border under budget and ahead of schedule?!" - my @SRQRepublicans speech.
Looking forward to receiving 2015 Statesman of the Year award tonight by @SRQRepublicans. A record 2,000+ sell out http://t.co/hQW42Pdgxs
Entrepreneurs: In the best negotiations, everyone wins. This is a possibility and it's the ideal situation to strive for.
Entrepreneurs: Believe in yourself. If you don't, no one else will either.
Entrepreneurs: Be totally focused. Being successful requires nothing less than 100% of your concentrated effort.
Just 30 minutes from Manhattan, @TrumpNationalNY is Westchester’s most elite club offering a 7,291 yard course http://t.co/sWFmZzayM2
Via @RealClearNews by @rebeccagberg: “Is the White House Big Enough for Donald Trump?”  http://t.co/qvcO49KILl
Flashback: “NYers were grateful when Donald Trump finished ahead of schedule and under budget the Wollman Rink” http://t.co/9IVM6G9gAE
"Always be prepared to start.” - @JoeMontana
Via @TWtravelnews by Robert Silk: “Renovations make Trump's Doral a showcase once again” http://t.co/wFIL90xE0q
Why Donald Trump Won’t Touch Your Entitlements: DES MOINES, Iowa—Donald Trump says if he runs for p... http://t.co/yxwndtPHbJ"
.@KirstenPowers  New book is excellent and so true! Congrats!
Signing The Facebook Wall- https://t.co/6DI8mZtjGg
I had a great time today visiting Facebook NY. https://t.co/5Zv7GQ5VKq
.@megynkelly  Will be on Fox now. Watch and enjoy!
I will be interviewed on @megynkelly's The Kelly File tonight. Be sure to watch on  @FoxNews!
Our country has tremendous potential. Together, we can fix Washington. Let’s Make America Great Again! https://t.co/u25yI5T7E8
Yesterday the White House claimed its ISIS strategy is a 'success.' Tell that to the Christians being beheaded. We need to hit ISIS hard!
My @TheBrodyFile int. discussing the persecution of Christians in the Middle East &amp; Religious Liberty &amp; Freedom http://t.co/NDOhUQwIRi
My @TheBrodyFile int. from Iowa on how I would build a wall to secure our Southern Border &amp; deduct costs from Mexico http://t.co/G0m5cYcCgk
Looking forward to being awarded the ‘2015 Statesman of the Year’ by @SRQRepublicans this Thursday. A record 2,000+ attendees-Can't wait!
Via @zpolitics: “Donald Trump Sends Message to @GaRepublicans” http://t.co/nJ05V6RD0J
Trump Golf Links at Ferry Point is a Jack Nicklaus Signature Design 18 hole course, just minutes from Manhattan http://t.co/XovcybFo0P
I had a great time answering as many questions as possible in sixty seconds at @facebook NY today- http://t.co/vLVsxBPGdS
What people don’t know about Kasich- he was a managing partner of the horrendous Lehman Brothers when it totally destroyed the economy!
I now see John Kasich from Ohio- who is desperate to run- is using my line “Make America Great Again”. Typical pol- no imagination!
There is no way my friend Bob Kraft agreed not to appeal the NFL decision without making a deal to at least get something. We love Tom Brady
WOW, SO NICE AND SO TRUE. THANK YOU! "@not_that_actor: @realDonaldTrump #TRUMP2016 TIME TO RETHINK THE CHOICES http://t.co/TdMlFuOFjI"
A MUST WATCH - TRULY BEAUTIFUL! "@PrivateCaddie: Amazing Turnberry Ailsa course changes from @realDonaldTrump #Golf https://t.co/kKoBOzWIwv"
With Sen. Elizabeth Dole &amp; @DoleFoundation Caregiver Fellows. Tremendous people caring for our military &amp; veterans! http://t.co/zGr7jLhj5B
Incredible progress at @trumptowerpde – Punta del  Este, Uruguay -- the views are going to be fantastic!  http://t.co/Stq7jiomjr
“Actions are the seed of fate   deeds grow into destiny.”   – Harry S. Truman
Entrepreneurs: Remember the golden rule of negotiating -- he who has the gold makes the rules.
Entrepreneurs: Work on what you will be proud to be associated with. Make your work count.
Entrepreneurs:  Be tough, be smart, be personable --  but don't take things personally. That's good business.
TPP does not stop Japan’s currency manipulation &amp; China has a backdoor to join. It must be stopped. We need to protect the American worker!
Our debt finances China’s military. It's time to get tough – we hold all the cards. Let’s Make America Great Again! https://t.co/u25yI5T7E8
Via @HuffPostPol by @_under_current: “Donald Trump Will End Outsourcing If President” http://t.co/nnIorV7czN
FLASHBACK via @Reuters from 2004: “Donald Trump Would 'Fire' Bush Over Iraq Invasion” It's called great vision.  http://t.co/IkZUvaeCti
“Trump: I created tens of thousands of jobs” http://t.co/tEmQD0xQY5 via @thehill by @SmiloTweets
Remember when Jeb gave Hillary a medal on the 1 year anniversary of Benghazi?! http://t.co/9b4goLdxTO Guess he would have invaded Libya too!
Host of the @PGATOUR &amp; @CadillacChamp, @TrumpDoral is home to 4 unique courses including the famous Blue Monster http://t.co/q09RkCGitz
Congrats to @greggutfeld on his new @FoxNews show! Greg makes great TV and is a terrific guy.
.@TrumpNationalNY- a great place! https://t.co/V5dV6FKZeS @TrumpGolf
Via David Ebner re Stanley Cup &amp; Trump poster: “If you’re going to be thinking anything, you might as well think big” http://t.co/GSj6NtQJWH
Gallup finds Des Moines, Iowa, has the highest community pride (76.5) of any large city. Congrats and I agree--I love the place! @DesMoines
Marco Rubio had no idea what he was doing on Chris Wallace show. Said Iraq "was not a mistake." He looked clueless!
I will be on @foxandfriends at 7:00 A.M. So much to talk about but not much good news for the U.S.A. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Wow, ISIS has just taken the City of Ramadi in Iraq. So many of our great soldiers died in originally going after it.  Such a waste.
I laugh when I see Marco Rubio and Jeb Bush pretending to "love" each other, with each talking of their great friendship. Typical phony pols
Marco Rubio was a complete disaster today in an interview with Chris Wallace @FoxNews concerning our invading Iraq.He was as clueless as Jeb
Jeb Bush gave five different answers in four days on whether or not we should have invaded Iraq.He is so confused.Not presidential material!
Via @DMRegister by @brianneDMR:“Trump: Bring back jobs from overseas” http://t.co/hlregvFFJc Let's Make America Great Again!
Today is armed forces day. Thank you  to our military service members! I love you all!
Received a standing ovation in packed house @MorningsideEdu after Sam Clovis intro! Let's Make America Great Again! http://t.co/3HXOYFNcFa
I am in Iowa today, great STATE, fantastic PEOPLE! Many speeches, big crowds - all sold out! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Excited to be speaking at @frankgaffney’s @securefreedom Iowa National Security Action Summit tomorrow at 1:30PM! http://t.co/ofhxzCGOGc
Via @Newsmax_Media: "14 Reasons Donald Trump Is Really Running — and Doing Well" http://t.co/zZkh5C5cG0
Looking forward to being interviewed by Sam Clovis tomorrow at @MorningsideEdu in Sioux City at 10AM CT! Let’s Make America Great Again!
Via @fitsnews by @TaylahhKane:"Donald Trump’s Refreshing Lack Of A Filter" http://t.co/oYkfeXAPld
Via @UnionLeader by @tuohy: “Trump inches closer to a decision” http://t.co/Hgp2LW9Ucj
Excited to keynote of the sold-out Pottawattamie County Republican Party Lincoln/Reagan Dinner tonight! http://t.co/rwhijBdYvj Leaving now!
.@BillRancic  Bill, fantastic job this morning on @foxandfriends - you are a total winner and I am proud of you as first Apprentice CHAMP!
I cannot believe how bad Jeb Bush looks with his insane answer on Iraq, and then his numerous corrections which made him look even worse.
Via @bostonherald by @ ChrisCassidy_BH: "Donald Trump says Jeb Bush is wrong about Iraq" https://t.co/jrJHEDIs7G
Trump Int'l Hotel &amp; Golf Links Ireland (formerly The Lodge at Doonbeg) is a 5 star resort fronting the Atlantic Ocean http://t.co/nT7zundGmV
“Failure isn’t fatal, but failure to change might be” – John Wooden
Going to New Hampshire, all sold out crowds. People want real change - POLS WILL NEVER MAKE OUR COUNTRY GREAT AGAIN!
I call Jeb Bush the reluctant warrior --- he just doesn't want to be doing this, he is not having fun!
Who ever heard of a legal conviction statement “more probable than not” against Tom Brady? Sue them, Tom, and make lots of $. @nfl
I hope Tom Brady sues the hell out of the @nfl for incompetence &amp; defamation. They will drop the case against him--and he will win.
You can be an @nfl player with murder charges and not be suspended. Yet with NO EVIDENCE, @nfl targeted Tom Brady. B.S.!
Needed: Leaders who negotiate smart trade deals.Only one knows The Art of The Deal. Let’s Make America Great Again! https://t.co/u25yI5T7E8
Huge Townhall tomorrow at 5PM in the NH Barrington Middle School! Thanks to @straffordnhgop? for hosting! Let’s Make America Great Again!
Looking forward to touring the @sigsauerinc world headquarters tomorrow! One of the top gun manufacturers in the US! #GunRights #TCOT
Thanks @renee2i for hosting me tomorrow at the Two International Group! Looking forward to making new friends &amp; discussing #FITN topics.
"Donald Trump trademarked Reagan slogan &amp; would like to stop other Republicans from using it" http://t.co/hAPdiolDbU via @businessinsider
Via @swan_investor by @Forbes: “The Trump Card: Make America Great Again” http://t.co/kWvbk5HtDr
My major hotel conversion of The Old Post Office on Pennsylvania Avenue in D.C. is under budget and ahead of schedule. Should be U.S.A.
We are rebuilding other countries while our own country is going to HELL. Time to rebuild the U.S.A.! Tell our stupid politicians, ENOUGH
I am the BEST builder, just look at what I've built. Hillary can't build. Republican candidates can't build. They don't have a clue!
TRAIN WRECK just the beginning. Our roads, airports, tunnels, bridges, electric grid - all falling apart.I can fix for 20% of pols, &amp; better
Remember, politicians are all talk and NO action. Our country is a laughing stock that is going to hell. The lobbyists &amp; donors control all!
The only one to fix the infrastructure of our country is me - roads, airports, bridges. I know how to build, pols only know how to talk!
Amtrak crash near Philadelphia, train derails -many hurt, some badly. Our country has horrible infrastructure problems. Pols can't solve!
Jeb Bush really blew his interview with @megynkelly - should cost him big time. Said he would do the disastrous  Iraq war all over again
My @bostonherald interview on Tom Brady, Hillary Clinton, the Granite State &amp; Making America Great Again! https://t.co/Qy1J7TilAu
“Polling strong, Donald Trump starting to get serious”  http://t.co/8LCMa58P7P via @bostonherald by @JaclynCashman
Glad the Trans-Pacific Partnership failed in the Senate. Bad deal for American worker &amp; economy! We need SMART TRADE! http://t.co/YPz4io6WJJ
Via @PRNewswire “Streetsense Brings "The National," a Geoffrey Zakarian Restaurant, to DC's New Trump Intl Hotel” http://t.co/g5KG6YQZnj
Via @BreitbartNews: “DONALD TRUMP: ‘RICH PEOPLE DON’T LIKE ME’–POOR, MIDDLE-INCOME PEOPLE ‘LIKE ME BEST’” http://t.co/JRZEhq1dPQ
"Everything comes to him who hustles while he waits." -- Thomas Edison
Entrepreneurs: Look at the solution, not the problem. Learn to focus on what will give results.
Entrepreneurs: Keep the big picture in mind. There are always opportunites and possibilities &amp; thinking too small can negate a lot of them.
Entrepreneurs: Be passionate. You have to love what you're doing to be successful at it.
I was proud to be one of Ronald Reagan's earliest supporters. Like Reagan, it's time to Make America Great Again!http://t.co/toq7Ddalco
Sue them Tom! #TrumpVlog https://t.co/27fGVFn9pz
What a STUPID deal for Verizon to buy AOL for $4.4 billion. AOL has been bad luck for everyone who touched it. Worth less than $1 billion!
One of the dumber and least respected of the political pundits is Chris Cillizza of the Washington Post @TheFix. Moron hates my poll numbers
Why do we always try to destroy our true champions and winners in this country, while at the same time leaving the losers alone? STUPID!
People are so jealous of Tom Brady and the Patriots. No court could convict based on the evidence.They can't beat him on the field, so this!
Can you imagine, we spend billions of dollars protecting Saudi Arabia and now the King refuses to even meet with Obama. Great leadership!
They had no definitive proof against Tom Brady or #patriots. If Hillary doesn't have to produce Emails, why should Tom? Very unfair!
"Government's first duty is to protect the people, not run their lives.” – President Ronald Reagan
Great shot by @KingJames yesterday. Lebron is a tough competitor who delivers under pressure.
“Do what you can, with what you have, where you are.” - Theodore Roosevelt
.@foxandfriends in 5 minutes.
Denzel Washington gave a wonderful commencement speech over the weekend. From the heart!
A great job by @RickieFowlerPGA in winning The Players yesterday. Finally, your jealous critics can go to hell! Good luck at The U.S. Open.
I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 7:00 this morning. Plenty to talk about!
How come there are no protests in favor of the two young police officers gunned down in Mississippi by two deranged animals. DEATH PENALTY!
Happy #MothersDay to all the great mothers out there! https://t.co/WvH2GwxG99
Big crowds, standing ovations in South Carolina - MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
My two sons, Eric &amp; Don, have long been expert hunters &amp; marksmen @NRA. They go on safaris &amp; give animals to the poor &amp; starving villagers!
.@tuckercarlson is doing a really good job on Fox, especially when talking politics. He has come a long way fast!
Leaving for the GREAT STATE OF SOUTH CAROLINA now to make a speech about how to MAKE OUR COUNTRY GREAT AGAIN!
.@nyrangers did a great job of winning tonight - played like champions!
Thank you @ASavageNation and keep up the great work!
Great job tonight @ericbolling
#TrumpAdvice https://t.co/VFP8GBIPEx
“Keep a good attitude and do the right thing even when it's hard. When you do that you are passing the test.” - @JoelOsteen
I've dealt w/politicians throughout the world. My deals are multi-faceted  transactions which involve many issues. I know the process &amp; win!
Tom Brady would have won if he was throwing a soccer ball. He is my friend and a total winner! @Patriots
A strong military makes us respected by our allies &amp; feared by our enemies. Let’s Make America Great Again! https://t.co/u25yI5T7E8
Via @fitsnews by Will Folks: “’THE DONALD’ REBUKES OBAMATRADE” http://t.co/BKmpUT9y8R
“Iowa hirings suggest Donald Trump serious about 2016 White House bid” http://t.co/QPbkOEhijj via @WashTimes by @SethMcLaughlin1
Via @Newsmax_Media by “Donald Trump: Don't Give Obama Fast-Track Trade Authority” http://t.co/sB2ZogQUcz
Via @ArabianBusiness: “@IvankaTrump eyes new projects in Abu Dhabi” for Trump Organization http://t.co/QHqsF90sk6
.@kilmeade  It was great being with you on @foxandfriends this morning. So many people saw and loved the piece. Great work!
#TBT With my friend @muhammadali https://t.co/ivJzZVTUfn
Huckabee is a nice guy but will never be able to bring in the funds so as not to cut Social Security, Medicare &amp; Medicaid. I will.
I was the first &amp; only potential GOP candidate to state there will be no cuts to Social Security, Medicare &amp; Medicaid. Huckabee copied me.
If I run, I will be in all the primary debates and you will see why I am the only one who can Make America Great Again!
The United States needs great deals - and fast. We have to make our country rich again in order to MAKE OUR COUNTRY GREAT AGAIN!
.@Franklin_Graham:  Great job on @foxandfriends this morning. You beautifully stated what most people are thinking! Say hi to all.
#TrumpAdvice https://t.co/Fox2rHNxHa
Via @DailyCaller by @AlexPappas: “Donald Trump To Blast Obama Trade Pact In Radio Ads: ‘A Bad, Bad Deal’” http://t.co/K5dG5hCBuO.
Via HT Politics http://t.co/W95amBywic
.@PamelaGeller is a total whack job who doesn't have a clue. Don't provoke the enemy, go get them and make them pay. No signals, just do it!
I hope all of the many thousands of people who are asking me to give up so much and RUN FOR PRESIDENT will   fight hard for victory if I do!
Our country must get very strong and very tough - and fast, before it is too late. We have zero leadership and never WIN! We want victory.
Trump International Golf Club Turnberry, Scotland has been home to four of the greatest Open Championships in history http://t.co/BVsLbZTA46
“There can be no liberty unless there is economic liberty.” – The Iron Lady Margaret Thatcher
Follow @TrumpNH for all the updates on my New Hampshire political activities. Looking forward to returning to the Granite State on May 14!
At the foot of Whitestone Bridge in the Bronx @TrumpFerryPoint offers  fantastic views of the Manhattan skyline  http://t.co/Mk4NX0PEd1
I am thrilled to share that the Trump Home furniture collection by @doryainteriors, just opened a new… https://t.co/D3vuKT8cux
Great story on @TrumpToronto in @globeandmail about our new Sky and Wellness Suites: http://t.co/xEEuFXvVTT
There is incredible progress on the site of Trump Tower Punta del Este, Uruguay, situated on the sands of Playa Brava http://t.co/0S110K4Hj7
Our spa @TrumpSoHo gets a nice write-up in @DETAILS: #gotmilk
What would you do if a large group of Muslims had a very public meeting drawing horrible and mocking cartoons of Jesus? Oh really, be cool!
The U.S. has enough problems without publicity seekers going out and openly mocking religion in order to provoke attacks and death. BE SMART
Nobody would fight harder for free speech than me but why  taunt, over and over again, in order to provoke possible death to audience. DUMB!
#MayThe4thBeWithYou--- here is when Darth Vader and I did some firing- https://t.co/cuN3EqY3OI
With 46-stories and 391 beautiful rooms, @TrumpSoHo offers a wide array of AAA Five Diamond luxury options http://t.co/is7MQKdeE2
Thrilled to hear that @RakutenTravelJP has awarded @TrumpWaikiki the 'Rakuten Diamond Award' for the 4th consecutive year! Congrats!
Deportations are “plummeting” http://t.co/h7atQqDRNA while Obama continues to grant amnesty.
If elected, I will undo all of Obama’s executive orders. I will deliver. Let’s Make America Great Again! https://t.co/u25yI5T7E8
Looking forward to @David_Bossie &amp; @RepJeffDuncan’s @Citizens_United Freed Summit in Greenville, SC this Saturday!
Congress was elected last November to reign Obama in, not to give him ‘fast track’ authority for bad trade deals for the American worker!
Via @washingtonpost’s @goingoutguide by @timcarman: “ @gzchef open the National at the Old Post Office Pavilion” http://t.co/v0dF83ZlGK
Congratulations to @TrumpNewYork and @TrumpToronto for the @WSJ coverage on perks in luxury hotels: http://t.co/wy6idgJC3c
Our amazing golf course @TrumpScotland https://t.co/V1Wz2qYUze
I will be interviewed at 7:00 A.M. on @foxandfriends - Enjoy.
I am the only one that knows how to build cities - pols are all talk and no action. Our cities need help, and fast. They are crumbling!
Just got back from Las Vegas. @TrumpLasVegas Hotel was fantastic in every way, but the fight was a total waste of time. The aggressor lost?
.@FloydMayweather  Good luck tonight Floyd.
The racial divide in our country is almost at an all-time high - and getting worse every time you turn on the television.
Baltimore had a really tough night - only great leadership can solve the many inner-city problems facing our country. Jobs, jobs, jobs!
.@SheriffClarke  Great insight  in dealing with the media today. You are a wonderful representative of calm and reason, a real pro!
@realDonaldTrump  I'm an activist, so I'm used 2 that &amp; I always applaud interest,but the people I know admire Trump"  Thank you, nice.
Plans to build wind farm near Trump Turnberry in Scotland have been dropped. GREAT! @GolfDigest  @GolfweekMag @GolfChannel @ESPNGolf
.@canoetravel  Also, the very obsolete, ugly and expensive wind turbines will never be build in Aberdeen. No longer works. @GolfChannel
Beautiful, thank you. https://t.co/jg3MUKDtp9
“Trump: ‘Very much inclined’ to enter GOP White House race” http://t.co/wmWxsY9mYy via @McClatchyDC by @LightmanDavid
Thanks! https://t.co/qhWAbMZyOp
Thank you. https://t.co/NQv8hFvSSB
Via @DMRegister by @AP: “Donald Trump talks economy with Republicans in Davenport” http://t.co/gFMzH0yDAJ
Via @ConroeCourier by @StephenGreen91:“Trump talks 2016 run, jobs at @TXPatriotsPAC” http://t.co/TUPtn3RW0O
My @KWWL int. from @WartburgCollege discussing how politicians have failed us &amp; Making America Great Again! http://t.co/AGdG3PuEq5
Via @qctimes by @EdTibbetts: “Trump: U.S. getting beat up” http://t.co/VHGhMNFau2
Whether you think you can or think you can't, you're right. -- Henry Ford
Entrepreneurs: Don't tread water. Get out there and go for it.
Entrepreneurs: Achievers move forward at all times. Achievement is not a plateau, it's a beginning.
If the working, proud and productive people of our country don't start exerting their authority and views, the U.S. as we know it is doomed!
Why is no-one talking about the horrible murder of Ana Charle by ex-con thug West Spruill. Gunned down on street, naked. Why no riots here?
Billions of dollars spent on Baltimore and it's still a total mess. Leadership is needed, not dollars. Our whole country is going to hell!
.@CGasparino  Good seeing you. Keep up the great work, never stop!
.@ThrillistChi named @SixteenChicago @TrumpChicago one of the “best value Michelin-starred restaurants in Chicago” http://t.co/6VjUwualVP
Congrats @TrumpWaikiki for winning @AmericanExpress Fine Hotels &amp; Resorts 'Hotel Partner of The Year for 2014'  award!
.@NicolleDWallace is really hurting @TheView. She is boring, predictable and has zero television "it" - show no longer has ratings, dying!
I have been a guest on The View many times when it was  successful show. Now the show is dying for lack of ratings. Too bad!
They now say using the word "thug" is, like so many other words, not politically correct (even though Obama uses it). It is racist. BULL!
Incredible handheld video of the Las Vegas Strip in 1969. The skyline looks better with @TrumpLasVegas!  http://t.co/ocSyTc4q2v
Thank you @TrumpSoHo @TrumpNewYork for helping me celebrate #agreatcause @MarineCorpsLEF while accepting the Commandant’s Leadership award!
Met a big fan today! https://t.co/Gd3lroPnCr
I am going to Iowa today - sold out crowds. People don't want our country ripped-off anymore. Must stop now!
I wonder what the rest of the world is thinking about the United States as they watch the disgusting and out of control Baltimore riots?
Hopefully there won't be any problems in Baltimore tonight. Be calm, be cool-do not let anybody get hurt.There is just too much to live for!
The best social program, by far, is a JOB! Our jobs are being taken away from us by China and many other countries - incompetent leader.
President Obama, you have a big job to do. Go to Baltimore and bring both sides together. With proper leadership, it can be done! Do it.
Our country has to come together. We have to start working with, and really liking,  each other. The whole world is watching Baltimore.
The Mayor of Baltimore said she wanted to give the rioters "space to destroy" - another real genius!
Now that the ineffective Baltimore  Police have allowed the city to be destroyed, are the U.S. taxpayers expected to rebuild it (again)?
Our great African American President hasn't exactly had a positive impact on the thugs who are so happily and openly destroying Baltimore!
Blatant and rampant property destruction in Baltimore as the police stand by and watch. Should be a lesson on how NOT to handle riots. SAD!
Wow, 15 policemen hurt in Baltimore, some badly! Where is the National Guard. Police must get tough, and fast! Thugs must be stopped.
#TrumpAdvice https://t.co/HJDStXh9zq
Via @bostonherald by @ChrisCassidy_BH: “Trump: `The last thing we need is another Bush'” http://t.co/GDrXb3aDDu
My @msnbc int w/ @krystalball at #WHCD on my 2016 timetable, saving Social Security &amp; Making America Great Again! http://t.co/LD2FarV2Vg
ICYMI, via @PageSix by @Mohris: “Donald Trump honored at Marine Corps charity gala” http://t.co/vsdNEIJz1P
Nobody but Donald Trump will save Israel. You are wasting your time with these politicians and political clowns. Best! #SheldonAdelson
Will be interviewed on @foxandfriends  at 7:00 - 5 minutes. Then I head to New Hampshire, great people!
I will be interviewed by @JudgeJeanine tonight on @FoxNews - Enjoy!
I don't know if Hillary will be able to run, she is a walking time bomb!
.@PennyPritzker Really important to cover currency manipulation in trade agreements - that's where China and others are beating us. Best!
.@NRO  Really important to save National Review from going out of business. We need a true conservative voice!
.@NRO  Not much is as "dead" or irrelevant as National Review thanks to guidance of Goldberg, a total loser! Get some real talent or fold!
.@WayneDupreeShow  A fantastic guy!
Congratulations to @DanaPerino on your book going to number one on Amazon. Great book - Great job!
How do you take care of our people if you don't make anything? We don't make anything. We are rapidly losing our manufacturing to China etc.
#TrumpAdvice https://t.co/YvxHjUwLz5
Looking forward to giving keynote speech tonight @ChesterfieldGOP Lincoln-Reagan dinner in Virginia.
Congrats to great golfer @Frostpga on his big win last week. Always been best putter. "Frost Wins for Trump"
A beautiful article by @IvankaTrump on my newly opened golf course in NYC, Trump Links Ferry Point http://t.co/CXVtrO6YIs
.@johnhawkinsrwn  Great speaking to you today, we will speak again soon.
@apageor2  Very good, must be tough!
#TBT With Steven Spielberg in the old days- a great guy! http://t.co/IQEUaq8cPe
“Talent wins games, but teamwork and intelligence wins championships.” – Michael Jordan @Jumpman23
It is time for DC to protect the American worker, not grant amnesty to illegals. Let’s Make America Great Again! https://t.co/u25yI5T7E8
Why are the Republicans giving Obama fast track authority for TPP and the Iran agreement?! Obama gets more from the GOP than his own party.
Fact – while Jeb was governor &amp; Rubio was House Majority Leader, Florida’s debt more than doubled. Conservatives?
Via @baltimoresun by @ErinatTheSun: “Maryland GOP book Trump for major fundraiser” http://t.co/FVjMy4moUq
Via @thehill by @HenschOnTheHill: “Trump says US roads are 'falling apart'” http://t.co/MhuHz1Su1J
Excited to be travelling to New Hampshire on Monday. The Granite State is a model for the country. Live Free or Die!
“Trump signs lease for a NH office, returns Monday” http://t.co/NLJQb8BmZB via  @UnionLeader by @tuohy
.@GeraldoRivera Thanks, my champion Geraldo--and very true.
.@ForbesInspector 5 Star &amp; @TripAdvisor #1 Luxury Hotel @TrumpToronto offers style, luxury &amp; impeccable service http://t.co/fl4mOb3NA2
Do you notice that the polling establishment doesn't put me in polls, but put in folks who hardly register. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
@Ex369PPD  Thank you!
“What counts is not necessarily the size of the dog in the fight - it's the size of the fight in the dog.” - Dwight D. Eisenhower
China has a backdoor into the Trans-Pacific Partnership. This deal does not address currency manipulation. China is laughing at us.
The Trans-Pacific Partnership will lead to even greater unemployment. Do not pass it.
Republicans should not be giving Obama fast track authority on trade. The Trans-Pacific Partnership will squeeze our manufacturing sector
The Trans-Pacific Partnership is an attack on America's business. It does not  stop Japan's currency manipulation. This is a bad deal.
No amnesty. Protect the rule of law! Let’s Make America Great Again https://t.co/u25yI5T7E8
I want to negotiate my own, and much better, trade deals for our country. MUST INCLUDE CURRENCY MANIPULATION (and more). DO NOT LET PASS!
Congratulations to the Republicans in Congress. You are the only people Obama can out negotiate. #TimeToGetTough
I'm getting The Commandant's Leadership Award from the U.S.Marines tonight at The Waldorf Astoria - a great honor!  @BretBaier
Via @KingwoodNews by @JayRJordan:: “@TXPatriotsPAC gives public a chance to hear Trump speak” http://t.co/IF3kPB8IlM
Via @GolfMonthly by @jake0reilly: “Trump to build five new holes at @TurnberryBuzz”  http://t.co/sDYF7yy5kF
Looking forward to keynoting @ChesterfieldGOP Lincoln-Reagan Gala this Friday at The Country Club at The Highlands. Sold out record crowd!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain http://t.co/vCuixB5TnC
Ailsa Course changes: #TrumpTurnberry What a beautiful place!  http://t.co/2oRfNj1wPk
.@JonahNRO  You should be totally focused on trying to save the badly failing National Review instead of focusing on me. Work hard!  @NRO
.@NRO @JonahNRO  Wow, just looked at the stats for National Review. Dying fast, doing very little business. Save this conservative voice!
The reason Ed Schultz said nice things about me is that I’m the only Repub who won't cut Social Security, etc. I’ll make America rich again!
I’m a conservative, but the weakness of conservatives is that they destroy each other, whereas liberals unite to win.
With a stupid guy like Jonah Goldberg who uses “tweeting like a 14 year old girl” to hit me, no wonder the NRO is doing so poorly. @JonahNRO
People have been forced to resign positions for far less than @JonahNRO’s “tweeting like a 14 year old girl”
.@JonahNRO You stated that I started “relentlessly tweeting like a 14-year-old girl...”  Horrible insult to women. Resign now or later!
“When you can't make them see the light, make them feel the heat.” – Ronald Reagan
#TrumpVlog Trouble in paradise for Clintons- https://t.co/RlJvPxuVvh
Republicans have once again capitulated to Obama. This time on the Iran nuclear treaty. When will it end?
Government can be efficient with the right leadership. Let’s Make America Great Again https://t.co/u25yI5T7E8
Via @ConcordNHPatch by @politizine: “Trump: 'We'll Make America Great Again'” http://t.co/JP9isP6SsF
ICYMI, my speech from this past Saturday at the @NHGOP @FITNsummit via @cspan  http://t.co/MxCytMrSFW
Wow, Hillary and Bill are in deep trouble, but don’t worry, my fellow Republicans will let them off the hook. All talk, no action.
Via http://t.co/PrZV7PChj0 Interview with Donald Trump about Presidential Aspirations: It's all a deal"  http://t.co/v5Wrd9Hcyt
I guess @edshow is a lot smarter than dopes like @JonahNRO &amp; @stephenfhayes. Oh well, both mags are dying anyway. http://t.co/KzwmixmfW4
Wow, really nice, and unexpected, from Ed Schultz. Thank you, Ed! @edshow  http://t.co/KzwmixmfW4
.@DanaPerino wrote a wonderful book, “And the Good News is.."  Dana has a fabulous perspective on life &amp; politics—go get it!
Glad to see that @PeteRose_14 has been hired by @FOXSports as an analyst. Pete should be around baseball and in the Hall of Fame!
Via @thehill by @HenschOnTheHill: “Trump: 'I'm disappointed' in many Republicans” http://t.co/dNNRM5H8t3
.@stephenfhayes: I heard you were a joke on the media panel this weekend in New Hampshire. You just don't  have what it takes! @JoeNBC
National Review @NRO may  be going out of business because of the really pathetic job being done by @JonahNRO. No talent means death - sad!
.@megynkelly   Sorry, there was only one "breakout star" this weekend in New Hampshire. Just check out the local New Hampshire media!
Jonah Goldberg @JonahNRO of the once great @NRO #National Review is truly dumb as a rock. Why does  @BretBaier put this dummy on his show?
As I have long been saying, South Africa is a total - and very dangerous - mess. Just watch the evening news (when not talking weather).
We are stupidly paying Iran billions of dollars that we should not be paying. Why isn't this part of the nuclear negotiations? Really dumb!
We are getting ready to protect Saudi Arabia against Iran &amp; others-sending ships.  How much are they going to pay us toward this protection.
Trump National Golf Club Los Angeles will be the host in October for the @PGAGrandSlam. http://t.co/Gktsmo70Jc
Congratulations to @TrumpSoHo for once again receiving the AAA Five Diamond Award for another year!
Congratulations to @TrumpWaikiki for being selected as "Best of +VIP Access 2014" by @Expedia!
.@weeklystandard  I know your business is failing but you should try to get writers far better than @stephenfhayes.
Thank you @JeffJlpa1 and @AmSpec for the wonderful and very true article, “Total Desperation on Iran” http://t.co/AufXRgiR9o
How does failed writer and pundit like @stephenfhayes, with no success and little talent, get away with criticizing candidates.
So much dishonest reporting (or non-reporting) in political media—an amazing experience for me. @BretBaier
I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 7:00 - 30 minutes. Some very interesting topics.
Just returned from New Hampshire where the crowd was great-and got a beautiful standing ovation! Wonderful people who truly love the U.S.A.
For all of the haters and losers out there sorry, I never went Bankrupt -- but I did build a world class company and employ many people!
.@georgewillf is perhaps the most boring political pundit on television. Got thrown off ABC like a dog. At Mar-a-Lago he was a total bust!
I do what I do out of pure enjoyment. Hopefully, nobody does it better. Theres a beauty to making a great deal. It's my canvas.
.@BretBaier   Why do you have George Will on your show - he's exhausted, boring and not even a little relevant! Waste of good air-time!
Looking forward to speaking at 1:30PM tomorrow in Nashua at @NHGOP @FITNsummit!. Let's Make America Great Again! #FITN
For America to be strong again, the ways of politicians must be put in the past. Let’s Make America Great Again!  http://t.co/jEgR6jSQ5J
Via @AmSpec by @JeffJlpa1: "Exclusive: Trump Says Obama Shows ‘Total Desperation’ on Iran" http://t.co/AufXRgiR9o
My @FoxBusiness int. w/Don Imus on not drinking alcohol, politicians being all talk and no action &amp; the border http://t.co/EfP0LClaOv
ISIS is operating a training camp 8 miles outside our Southern border http://t.co/P8arBncO0A We need a wall. Deduct costs from Mexico!
The Republicans are funding ObamaCare and Amnesty. Obama beats them.  http://t.co/jEgR6jSQ5J
Great seeing @MarianoRivera w/@realDonaldTrump at @TrumpTowerNY for @EricTrumpFdn! http://t.co/voxkcptRf6. http://t.co/qsltrsG3WQ"
.kimguilfoyle - great job tonight!
Jeb Bush - “I am a conservative” = Barack Obama -“If you like your healthcare plan, you can keep your plan.”
America will never be destroyed from the outside.If we falter and lose our freedoms,it will be because we destroyed ourselves. A. Lincoln
Others claim they can make America great again but only one knows The Art of The Deal. It’s time for an outsider http://t.co/jEgR6jSQ5J
Via @WalidShoebat: “Watch Donald Trump: He Is Patriotic And He Can Fix America” http://t.co/SWE2lArIOV
With our brand new Tennis Performance Center, @TrumpGolfDC offers countless activities along with top courses http://t.co/FySChialfX
Mexico’s court system is a dishonest joke. I am owed a lot of money &amp; nothing happens.
Rodolfo Rosas Moya and his pals in Mexico owe me a lot of money. Disgusting &amp; slow Mexico court system. Mexico is not a U.S. friend.
Via @businessinsider by @hunterw: “TRUMP: 'I'm going to surprise a lot of people' in 2016” http://t.co/BC62TkDE0o
“UPDATE: Trump plans public event at @WartburgCollege” http://t.co/1Zg7rYkaGL via @wcfcourier:
My @TeamCavuto int. on simplifying the tax code, our incompetent leaders, Iran and making America great again http://t.co/qOYj0clN4j
#TBT Trump and Gekko- http://t.co/JhEKn4IoJf
"If your actions inspire others to dream more, learn more, do more and become more, you are a leader." – John Quincy Adams
Via @Reuters: "Donald Trump takes steps toward 2016 presidential run" http://t.co/klB0J51kWl
Our border is being breached daily by criminals. We must build a wall &amp; deduct costs from Mexican foreign aid! http://t.co/jEgR6jSQ5J
We have a sacred duty to care for our vets and their families. Our Vets are owed full access to healthcare anytime &amp; anywhere!
The top course on the west coast @TrumpGolfLA overlooks Pacific Ocean &amp; offers a luxurious public golf experience http://t.co/0OjZCHMsUm
Looking forward to speaking at the @NHGOP #FITN Republican Leadership Summit on Saturday at 12PM! Let’s Make America Great Again!
Had a great time in Myrtle Beach and Charleston this past Saturday and Monday. Looking forward to going back soon.
Via @postandcourier by @skropf47: “Donald Trump: Don’t politicize Walter Scott shooting” http://t.co/DC4ERaL5Y0
Part 1 of my @SpecialReport int. with @BretBaier discussing why I am strongly considering running for President http://t.co/Zeazq1leLs
Via @kcautv: “Donald Trump Coming to Sioux City in May” http://t.co/UpURDegT8H
Today is April 15th, Obama’s favorite day of the year. T-E-A. TAXED ENOUGH ALREADY!
The great @MarianoRivera in my office with my son @EricTrump- http://t.co/kEpL3e4DU9
See the amazing views from @TrumpGolfLA located directly on the Pacific Ocean- https://t.co/Mg3gOuicY5
Marco Rubio should pick a location that has working air conditioning next time - especially when in Miami - proper plan. Sweating profusely!
Entrepreneurs: Don't be confined by expectations. There are no exact rules for negotiation--try to remain flexible and open to new ideas.
Entrepreneurs: In the best negotiations, everyone wins. This is a possibility, and it's the ideal situation to strive for.
Entrepreneurs: Resolve to be bigger than your problems. Who's the boss? Don't negate your own power.
Will be on @foxandfriends at 7:00 this morning - enjoy!
How do third rate talents with no smarts like @ron_fournier get so much time on television news. Boring guy - really bad for ratings!
Wow, Mitt Romney didn't  know that Rand Paul was in the race for president. Very strange! @FoxNews
A great @The Masters. The course looks so beautiful. Fantastic for golf and television ratings!
.@T-Mobile has so many service complaints - a total joke!
.@TMobile gives terrible service and has many complaints, just check.
Thanks @JamersonHayes, they are all total losers with nothing going for them!
.@TMobile  You service is absolutely terrible - get on the ball!  @JohnLegere
.@JohnLegere  T-Mobile service is terrible! Why can't you do something to improve it for your customers. I don't want it in my buildings.
Without passion, you don't have energy; without energy, you have nothing. Nothing great in the world has been accomplished without passion!
South Carolina and the audience were GREAT - THANKS!
Thank you very much for the nice story, I greatly appreciate it- http://t.co/uxooivGFIV
Spoke to a capacity crowd at Horry County Republican event earlier today. https://t.co/qQcVWftNr9
Heading to South Carolina now - meeting with fantastic people!
@markraymond  Thanks Mark, they will!
.@BretBaier  Thank you for the very fair and highly professional segment on me tonight. Many people watched and commented.
The NRA in Nashville today was amazing. Packed house and standing ovation for Trump. THANKS!
.@ericbolling did a fantastic job on O'Reilly tonight. Way to go Eric!
Off to Nashville and the NRA.
.@BretBaier  I will be interviewed by Bret (on Fox) tonight at 6:00. Watch, it will be good!
I will be speaking at the NRA event today in Nashville. Many friends will be there.
Exclusive–Donald Trump: Obama 'Totally Out-Negotiated' by Iran, Taliban, 'Virtually Every Country in the World' - http://t.co/FrtuGriGUo"
Will be doing a big interview tonight with Bret Baier at 6:00 P.M. on Fox. Don't miss it!
Record crowd and standing ovation at Simpson College in Iowa- lots of fun, wonderful audience!
On my way to @TrumpSoHo to receive the AAA Five Diamond Award.
I had a great time in Iowa yesterday- record crowds, fantastic people!
Meeting with Iowa State Senate Leaders https://t.co/ARzEb16mog
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Leaving now - I'm spending the entire day in Iowa - great people, great state!
Wow, the respected Monmouth University poll has me ahead of most Republican candidates nationwide, and most people don't think I'm running!
Many journalists are honest and great - but some are knowingly dishonest and basic scum. They should.be weeded out!
How much money is the  extremely unattractive (both inside and out) Arianna Huffington paying her poor ex-hubby for the use of his name?
As dishonest as @RollingStone is I say @HuffingtonPost is worse. Neither has much money -  sue them and put them out of business!
.@serenawilliams we look forward to being with you, a truly great champion, tomorrow at Trump National D.C. for the Tennis Center dedication
“Obama’s promises on the Iran deal are like him promising ‘if you like your healthcare plan, you can keep it’” - @marklevinshow
Via @ProgressIndex: “Donald Trump to deliver keynote address at annual Chesterfield Republican Gala” http://t.co/SB6yeYQvwP
Via @LasVegasSun by Eugene Dunn: “2016 is the year of Donald Trump” http://t.co/F9KJ19vyJx
Miami’s top destination, @TrumpDoral’s remodeled Royal Palm Pool offers 18 luxurious cabanas http://t.co/SIje6b7rBf
Congratulations to @GatewayPundit on being named the #ROL15 @BreitbartNews award. Well-earned &amp; well-deserved!
Looking forward to visiting @SimpsonCollege on Wednesday to discuss education. Common Core is an attack on individual &amp; local rights!
#TrumpAdvice https://t.co/BulcK1EBSI
Congress must stop Obama’s reckless deal with Iran. The framework is a pathway for Iran to develop nukes.
.@RollingStone admitted their scam. Phony @HuffingtonPost and others are no better-- total joke!
Will be doing @foxandfriends this morning at 7:00. ENJOY!
.@ShawnJohnson have a great Easter, you are a real champion!
I wish everyone, including the haters and losers, a very happy Easter!
Have a fantastic, beautiful and happy Easter everyone and then, when Easter is over, have great wins and triumphs in life. Never give up!
That Saturday Night Live is able to joke about the Germanwings air tragedy is disgusting. They should apologize to all of those  suffering!
The Iran nuclear deal is a terrible one for the United States and the world. It does nothing but make Iran rich and will lead to catastrophe
Via @CBSNewYork: “@TrumpFerryPoint Opens In The Bronx” http://t.co/M3hXilcNNa
Politicians are all talk and no action. Washington can only be fixed by an outsider. Let’s make America great again! http://t.co/jEgR6jSQ5J
Oil is under $50/barrel. Now is the time to increase sanctions against Iran, not lift them. No deal is better than a bad deal. #ArtOfTheDeal
Via @TheTodaysGolfer “Trump @TurnberryBuzz transformation on course” http://t.co/D22HrXA28h
Watch my @oreillyfactor appearance from this week discussing nuclear negotiations with Iran- http://t.co/gAdKBSkpzX
Entrepreneurs: Practice positive thinking with a lot of reality checks. Know that goals come with obstacles.
Entrepreneurs: Learn to trust yourself. Being an entrepreneur is not a group effort.
Entrepreneurs: Realize that success requires 100% effort and 100% focus. Nothing less.
Must read via @FoxNews by @JaySekulow: “Mr. President: Will you bring home American pastor imprisoned in Iran?” http://t.co/d9JLgqPxds
Obama’s offer to Iran will not stop Iran’s breakout capability. It is a bad, desperate deal negotiated from weakness. Pass sanctions!
Washington needs common sense conservative solutions. Let’s make America great again! http://t.co/jEgR6jSQ5J
Via @UnionLeader  by  @tuohy: “Trump: You're Hired” http://t.co/Cgx4EO3afj
Via @Newsmax_Media by @OwenTew: “Donald Trump: Kerry Has to Walk If Iran Doesn't Make Deal” http://t.co/EUgOIXNC0M
Via @rcpvideo: “Donald Trump on Who He Likes For President: Donald Trump” http://t.co/DNwlV3TjYn
The townhall question segment of my @WMUR9 Commitment 2016 Conversation @JoshMcElveen http://t.co/FZrWwW5D2l Great questions/people #FITN
One of the greatest tributes to a father I have ever witnessed--given to the great @jacknicklaus by his wonderful son http://t.co/uka2F9vTPL
#TrumpVlog Be careful with Iran. https://t.co/lSlBGoX6UH
My friend @ChristianJosi is making a very special LP. Follow him. Conservative leader by day, likely 2015 GRAMMY winner by night. #LEGENDS
Each day that Iran delays the deal, if that is what you call it, we must add another sanction, and make them progressively tough.
Turn on @oreillyfactor now  and enjoy true brilliance!
I will be on @oreillyfactor tonight at 8:00. Enjoy!
I will be on Bill O'Reilly's show tonight at 8 PM--talking about Iran and politics. @oreillyfactor
Entrepreneurs: Gain and use information to your advantage--see every day as an opportunity to learn.
Entrepreneurs:  See yourself as victorious. Look at the solution, not the problem. Be tough, be strong, be tenacious.
Entrepreneurs: Ask yourself: What am I pretending not to see? There may be some great opportunities right around you.
The right leadership can help economy while creating security around the world. Let’s make America great again! http://t.co/jEgR6jSQ5J
“Simply take a big goal and mold yourself to become the person who can accomplish that goal.” – Think Big
There is only one fix for ObamaCare - REPEAL &amp; REPLACE with a free market oriented alternative!
Via @FoxNewsInsider as seen on @foxandfriends: “Trump: Iran Nuke Talks Should Have Taken One Day” http://t.co/S9ZKRNLaL0
Iran is desperate to develop nukes. Congress must increase sanctions against Iran.
The border is wide open for cartels &amp; terrorists. Secure our border now. Build a massive wall &amp; deduct the costs from Mexican foreign aid!
We have a sacred duty to care for our vets and their families. Veterans deserve universal access to care anywhere and anytime!
My @WMUR9 Commitment 2016 Conversation with @JoshMcElveen discussing leadership, China, healthcare &amp; veterans http://t.co/85z3kFCDwt
Via @gazettedotcom by James Q. Lynch: “Trump to run typical caucus campaign, ‘but bigger’” http://t.co/y2IdrfYZML
“US tycoon Donald Trump in talks with Ryanair to bring more flights back to Prestwick Airport” http://t.co/9zLfXM3U4B  via @Daily_Record
Wow, what a nice honor!  http://t.co/93Gdz6T0MF
Via @CBNNews’ @TheBrodyFile: “Poll: Donald Trump in GOP Top Tier for President” http://t.co/iuivomm565
“@TurnberryBuzz the jewel in Donald Trump golfing crown” http://t.co/xIsrimoOT0 via @TheScotsman by @DempsterMartin
The girlfriend of Lubitz, the  wacko co-pilot who took down the plane, knew he was insane and should have reported him. Put her through hell
The road to success is always under construction.-- Arnold Palmer
Looking forward to tonight's Ayrshire Chamber of Commerce Annual Dinner 2015  @AyrshireChamber
ICYMI, via @DMRegister by @JenniferJJacobs: “Donald Trump to give Iowa speech on education” http://t.co/wMiAjx0e8m
“Faster And Cheaper, Trump Finishes NYC Ice Rink @TrumpRink” http://t.co/s0EF3ZSnWJ Gov. can be efficient w/leadership &amp; business acumen.
Message to Obama re: Iran: “The worst thing you can possibly do in a deal is seem desperate to make it.” – The Art of the Deal
Looking forward to speaking @nranews Convention in Nashville http://t.co/Y6VYva0Gn8 The 2nd Amendment is a right, not a privilege!
Flashback @FoxNewsInsider July '14:“Trump: Bergdahl Swap Another Mistake By 'Gang That Couldn't Shoot Straight'” http://t.co/GGxwFvQjwc
Entrepreneurs: Successful negotiation means knowing what the other side wants. You've got to know where they're coming from. Pay attention!
Entrepreneurs: When negotiating, don't be an open book. Know that the only person on your side might be yourself.
Entrepreneurs: Seek opportunity, and see opportunity as a perk. You never know what will evolve. Keep an open mind!
Resolve never to quit, never to give up, no matter what the situation.-- @jacknicklaus
Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl should face the death penalty for desertion - five brave soldiers died trying to bring him back. U.S. has to get tough!
If Saudi Arabia, which has been making one billion dollars a day from oil, wants our help and protection, they must pay dearly! NO FREEBIES.
Pres. Obama was touting Yemen as a great success story - it just fell. Obama doesn't know what he is doing. Saudi Arabia is in big trouble.
Via @FoxNews: “Trump: Politicians are all talk no action; I'm the opposite” http://t.co/xEZDajloOF
“Donald Trump launches new men's fragrance-- "Empire" -- @Macys "Because every man has his own empire to build'” http://t.co/LBk4XIr1FO
Many people think that WM23 @WrestleMania “the battle of the billionaires” was the greatest of all time—set all records
“Americans are hungry to feel once again a sense of mission and greatness.” – Pres. Ronald Reagan
My @greta int. on @FoxNews with @MELANIATRUMP at OPO discussing my potential candidacy &amp; making America great again http://t.co/xEZDajloOF
Via @Newsmax_Media by @OwenTew: “Trump on 2016 Run: I Would Self-Fund, Appoint Wall Street Experts” http://t.co/4ya9KJruxE
Via @bostonherald by Eugene R. Dunn: “Iran a clear danger” http://t.co/E7KnHSxrkT
via http://t.co/Lw28bfjJdP: Only one man up for the job of president  http://t.co/zIxfJ4SHrm
.@IvankaTrump's Favorite Miami Hot Spots @TrumpGolf @TrumpDoral  http://t.co/G4z5rlqDhj
Jack Nicklaus II gave the best tribute to a parent I have ever heard at yesterday’s Congressional Gold Medal Ceremony honoring @jacknicklaus
Go to @greta show - will be talking about OPO and plenty else - ENJOY!
I am on @greta now!
Entrepreneurs: Take responsibility for yourself. It's a very empowering attitude.
Entrepreneurs: Trust your instincts, even after you've honed your skills. They're there for a reason.
Entrepreneurs: Negotiation is an art. Treat it like one.
With @greta in Washington, D.C. Old Post Office under construction. Tune in tonight at 7PM EST! https://t.co/tzzTn3uDYS
Via @dcexaminer by @eScarry: “Donald Trump: @HuffingtonPost 'a very dishonest organization'” http://t.co/roM3MKB8wn
My @FoxNews @megynkelly int. on why I am considering running for POTUS, negotiations &amp; making America great again http://t.co/y5aiY0G9B7
Will be on @megynkelly tonight at 9:00. WILL BE TALKING ABOUT EVERYTHING!
“In N.H., Trump says his business experience would play well in government” http://t.co/UbiLFwmcyK via @ConMonitorNews by @AP
ICYMI, “Raw video: Donald Trump speaks at Rep. Steve Stepanek's Amherst reception” http://t.co/iccd40yKLg via @wmur9
Via @UnionLeader by @tuohy: “Trump says he will decide on a presidential run by June”  http://t.co/7ySp5oGugR
Will be on @foxandfriends at 7:00 - 15 minutes! Enjoy.
.@MiamiHerald discusses our @TrumpCollection #TrumpPets program @TrumpDoral: http://t.co/Z79GxMsbWk
Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts. -- Winston Churchill
Entrepreneurs:  Let your actions show that you're the best. See each day as an opportunity to show you can do business at the highest level.
Entrepreneurs: Learn to be succinct. Can you tell someone your idea in three minutes or less? Be clear and concise.
Entrepreneurs: Set the example, and you'll be a magnet for the right people. That's the best way to work with people you like.
Trump National Golf Club Los Angeles fronts the Pacific Ocean and has an 18 hole Pete Dye course. Beautiful! http://t.co/Gktsmo70Jc
.@TrumpSoHo New York has interiors by celebrated design house Fendi Casa and 360 degree views of the city skyline. http://t.co/exnWuXuPwA
Trump Golf Links at Ferry Point, an 18 hole public golf course in the Bronx, New York, is opening soon! http://t.co/XovcybFo0P
Trump Int'l Hotel &amp; Tower, New York has the perfect Manhattan location &amp; @jeangeorges is the signature restaurant. http://t.co/yeFArpJy8H
THE DONALD J. TRUMP PRESIDENTIAL EXPLORATORY COMMITTEE-http://t.co/WARAdFgrrF
Trump National Golf Club, Washington, D.C., is located on 600 acres and fronts the Potomac River. Spectacular!http://t.co/KMaHBBQLXU
Corey Lewandowski, Senior Political Adviser:  "Mr.Trump has the vision and leadership skills to bring our country back to greatness."
April is Autism Awareness Month, join me in raising awareness - get your “Light It Up Blue” sign here! #LIUB http://t.co/qezWONTCcE
Entrepreneurs: See yourself as an organization. Pay attention to every facet of your life. What's strong? What's weak? What's missing?
Entrepreneurs: We win in our daily lives by being careful with every day, every moment.
Entrepreneurs: Success is good. Success with significance is even better. Make your work count.
Trump National Golf Club Bedminster, New Jersey, has courses designed by Tom Fazio &amp; 16 acres of practice facilities. http://t.co/4HukFLVHkb
.@foxandfriends at 7:00 A.M.
Boy did Pharrell &amp; Robin Thicke get screwed. The Marvin Gaye song sounds nothing like theirs. Get new lawyers fast!
Entrepreneurs: There are no guarantees, but being ready sure beats being taken by surprise. Know everything you can about what you're doing.
Entrepreneurs: What is the standard for which you want to be known? Identify that standard &amp; then establish it. Simple, but not easy. Focus!
Entrepreneurs: A winning attitude will put things in perspective. Keep negative thoughts &amp; people where they belong--out of the big picture.
Wow, little Mac Miller has almost 100 million views on his song, "Donald Trump." Keep pushing Mac and come up with another hit - just do it!
Trump International Hotel, Washington D.C. will be one of the world's top luxury hotels http://t.co/5WbRYtT23g
The problem with the U.S. is that our leadership has no knowledge or ability to negotiate or see into the future. Every nation beats us!
Just as I have been saying for MANY years, and while they phony negotiate with the U.S. over nuclear, Iran is taking over Iraq. Really sad!
Entrepreneurs: Being stubborn is a big part of being a winner. Never give up!
Entrepreneurs: Problems are a mind exercise. Enjoy the challenge.
Entrepreneurs: Having an ego and acknowledging it is a healthy choice. There's nothing wrong with bringing your talents to the surface.
GET READY!! The #TrumpFerryPoint tee sheet opens TODAY @ 10am EST on our website for April 1st-30th! @TrumpFerryPoint
The Blue Monster at Trump National Doral recieved rave reviews from both players and architectural critics following the Cadillac WGC.Thanks
An investment in knowledge pays the best interest. -- Benjamin Franklin
I am happy to announce that the @PGAGrandSlam will be held at @TrumpGolfLA this year! https://t.co/CHFxHiRqii Follow @TrumpGolf for more!
Trump International Hotel &amp; Tower New York has received great acclaim, as has our signature restaurant, Jean Georges http://t.co/yeFArpJy8H
Entrepreneurs: Remember the golden rule of negotiating -- he who has the gold makes the rules.
Entrepreneurs: Cover your bases. Know everything you can about what you're doing.
Entrepreneurs: Keep an open mind. Business is a creative endeavor.
Being good in business is the most fascinating kind of art. Making money is art &amp; working is art &amp; good business is the best artAndy Warhol
The Blue Monster @TrumpDoral was a sensation over the weekend. Really tough but players &amp; critics alike loved it.
.@Kstupples Thanks for the nice comments on Trump National Doral. I’ve long been your fan—now am an even bigger fan! @TrumpDoral
Will be on @foxandfriends at 7:00 - 5 minutes.
Today's final round of the WGC Cadillac Championship will be amazing. A lot of pressure on leader, who has played great. Big names hunting!
Golf is a game of respect and sportsmanship; we have to respect its traditions and its rules. -- Jack Nicklaus
I have a tip that can take 5 strokes off anyone's golf game. It's called an eraser. -- Arnold Palmer
The harder you work, the luckier you get. -- Gary Player
Mexico's court system  corrupt.I want nothing to do with Mexico other than to build an impenetrable WALL and stop them from ripping off U.S.
Ringling Brothers is phasing out their elephants. I,for one, will never go again. They probably used the animal rights stuff to reduce costs
Every sport evolves. Every sport gets bigger and more athletic, and you have to keep up. -- Tiger Woods
Because of Rodolfo Rosas Moya, who owes me lots of money, Mexico will never again host the Miss Universe Pageant.
Despite Mexico's interest in again hosting the Miss Universe Pageant, it will be because of Rodolfo Rosas Moya that it will never happen.
I hope the Mexican judge is more honest than the Mexican businessmen who used the court system to avoid paying me the money they owe me.
The mark of a great player is in his ability to come back. The great champions have all come back from defeat. -- Sam Snead
Placing the ball in the right position for the next shot is eighty percent of winning golf. -- Ben Hogan
Trump National Doral will have big crowds this weekend for the WGC. THE BLUE MONSTER IS READY FOR THE WORLD'S TOP FIFTY PLAYERS!
The object of golf is not just to win. It is to play like a gentleman, and win. -- Phil Mickelson
Concentration is a fine antidote to anxiety. -- Jack Nicklaus
The road to success is always under construction. -- Arnold Palmer
We create success or failure on the course primarily by our thoughts. -- Gary Player
Just arrived at @trumpdoral for the @cadillacchamp starting tomorrow- https://t.co/QVPKdLZ9J3
With my friends at the great @Adidas Boost event at the @cadillacchamp at @trumpdoral https://t.co/RNyzy5TpDa
All 50 of the WORLD'S TOP 50 PLAYERS will be at TRUMP NATIONAL DORAL on Thursday - Sunday for the Cadillac World Golf Championship.
Trump International Hotel &amp; Tower, Vancouver, will be a fantastic addition to a spectacular city. http://t.co/aF5XY8ohwL
Entrepreneurs: Be tough, be smart, be personable, but don’t take things personally. That’s good business.
Entrepreneurs: Don’t ever think you’ve done it all already or that you’ve done your best. You haven't-- so don't limit yourself!
Entrepreneurs:  Follow your instincts and keep your focus intact. You alone know where you really want to go.
Entrepreneurs: Paying attention can be a cost effective way of protecting yourself.
Entrepreneurs: Look at the solution, not the problem. Learn to focus on what will give results.
Entrepreneurs: Keep your momentum. Without momentum, a lot of great ideas go nowhere.
Entrepreneurs: Keep the big picture in mind. There are always opportunities &amp; possibilities, and thinking too small can negate a lot of them
Via @WashTimes by @SethMcLaughlin1: “Donald Trump: I want to run for president ‘so badly’” http://t.co/JnGqrDNbSY
Via @OceanDriveMag by @SuzMcGeeNYC: "Q&amp;A: Ivanka Trump on the Business of Golf &amp; the Championships" http://t.co/JhYAqX9ytC
Via @BreitbartNews by @mboyle1:"Donald Trump Slams Liberals In ‘Dishonest Press’: ‘I’m Going To Start Naming Names’" http://t.co/7uzPNPJ9vK
Via @dcexaminer by @rebeccagberg: “Trump: 'I'm the only one who can beat' Hillary”http://t.co/5UKvHykSvR
Via @bpolitics by @BetBrod “Trump sets an aggressive tone as he insisted he's serious about running for POTUS." http://t.co/iqdFdyHgZ4
“@WestJournalism Exclusive – We Asked Donald Trump What Jobs He Would Offer ISIS” http://t.co/JRoqBdSV6j
Be sure to watch my #CPAC2015 speech with intro by @DLoesch and a Q&amp;A with @seanhannity http://t.co/unFuoJXul1
Via @washingtonpost by @jdelreal: "About that Donald Trump speech at CPAC …" http://t.co/fr4hEyfbys
Via @CBSNews by @ReenaJF: "Donald Trump scolds Republicans: 'Toughen up'" http://t.co/fl25maZhTU
Via @PPDNews: "Donald Trump: ‘I Am Not Doing This For Fun,’ We Can’t Fix U.S. ‘Unless We Put Right Person’ In WH"http://t.co/jgA6OnysAl
Via @BreitbartNews: "DONALD TRUMP: EXEC AMNESTY WILL MAKE ILLEGAL IMMIGRATION ‘WORSE THAN IT’S EVER BEEN" http://t.co/3AwAAXAEIs
Via @NRO by @LovelaceRyanD: "Trump Slams Bush: ‘I Don’t See Him Winning; I Don’t See There’s Any Way’" http://t.co/jWlQRG4K4v
"Donald Trump ready to end @ApprenticeNBC for White House run" http://t.co/hN3gHZFVFX via via @dcexaminer by @eScarry
Via @TIME by @lullintheaction: "#REALTIME: Donald Trump Weighs a 2016 Run At #CPAC2015" http://t.co/aTq0RjzYbI
Interview w/Melanie Batley via Newsmax http://t.co/rozkymxqIw
#TBT With the cast of GoodFellas https://t.co/Jk4tNhDF9X
Via @UnionLeader by @tuohy: "Trump hires Lewandowski as presidential run eyed" http://t.co/stZOllcBqA #FITN #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Via @DailyCaller by @alweaver22:“Trump: Obama One Of ‘The Worst Things That’s Ever Happened To Israel’” http://t.co/0a3vkunMbp
Via @washingtonpost by @costareports: “Trump says he is serious about 2016 bid, is hiring staff and delaying TV gig” http://t.co/fZB9ppIAvk
Trump Int'l Hotel, Washington D.C.: The iconic Old Post Office Building will be one of the world's great hotels. http://t.co/5WbRYtT23g
So many people are angry at my comments on Mexico—but face it—Mexico is totally ripping off the US. Our politicians are dummies!
"'Good Chance' Trump Will Run for President" http://t.co/7VD05VjGHK via @Newsmax_Media by @melaniebatley
Via @BreitbartNews: "‘MAJOR COUP’: DONALD TRUMP PICKS UP TOP IOWA GRASSROOTS OPERATIVE FOR POTENTIAL 2016 CAMPAIGN"http://t.co/uyTXiZ0uSp
The Mexican legal system is corrupt, as is much of Mexico. Pay me the money that is owed me now - and stop sending criminals over our border
Trump International Golf Links and Hotel, Ireland, is located on the Atlantic Ocean in County Clare. Spectacular! http://t.co/nT7zundGmV
Trump National Golf Club Los Angeles is situated on the Palos Verdes Peninsula overlooking the Pacific Ocean... http://t.co/Gktsmo70Jc
The evening news broadcasts must stop talking about weather—boring and too many other topics.
I could fix tv talk shows that are doing poorly—there is tremendous talent out there waiting to be tapped—and nobody sees it!
Put the glamour, beauty &amp; mystery back in the Oscars and the ratings will zoom. Also, &amp; most importantly, the Oscars need credibility.
I told everybody the Oscars were no good—Nielsen ratings confirmed, one of the lowest ratings in history.
The @HuffingtonPost is a total joke &amp; laughing stock of journalism, as is gross Arianna Huffington. They don’t report the facts!
I have a lawsuit in Mexico’s corrupt court system that I won but so far can’t collect. Don’t do business with Mexico!
The Oscars were a great night for Mexico &amp; why not—they are ripping off the US more than almost any other nation.
The talks between the U.S. and Iran are going on forever,  WORLD'S LONGEST NEGOTIATION. Obama has no idea what he is doing - incompetent!
I told you the Oscars were terrible—bad look, bad talent—and among the lowest ratings in show’s history.  http://t.co/AOc5aQdVvk …
Entrepreneurs: Keep your focus and keep your momentum. Believe in yourself--if you don't, no one else will either.
Entrepreneurs: Identify your goals --  and see each day as an opportunity to show what you can do at the highest level.
Entrepreneurs: Review your work habits and make sure they are taking you in the right direction. Don't become complacent!
“‘THE DONALD’ GOT A MUSKET” http://t.co/aZmW0Z1lz1  via @fitsnews
Trump to host #Oscars? http://t.co/qnU9o2X8XZ
My @Live5News int. with @WilliamLive5 in South Carolina with @citadelgop cadets on my 757 discussing 2016 http://t.co/ALH2oa6Avq
The Oscars are a sad joke, very much like our President. So many things are wrong!
What ever happened to the good old days of The Academy Awards. This show is an insult to the past, just plain bad!
Worst graphics and stage backdrop ever at the Oscars. Show is terrible, really BORING!
Going to The Citadel tonight - getting The Nathan Hale Patriot Award. Very nice!
"Donald Trump promises 'world-class' Crandon Park golf course" http://t.co/cXxnYhsVx1 via @WPLGLocal10 by @GlennaOn10
Via @MiamiHerald by Bill Van Smith: "@jacknicklaus reminisces amid honor at @TrumpDoral" http://t.co/6ZLcJkA6di
Entrepreneurs: Winners see problems as just another way to prove themselves. Remember to focus on the solution--not the problem.
Entrepreneurs: Identify your goals. Know precisely what you want to achieve. Have your own vision and stick with it!
Entrepreneurs: Difficulties, mistakes &amp; setbacks are an inevitable part of business &amp; life. Remember to keep your equilibrium intact.
Receiving the Algemeiner Liberty Award--a great honor. http://t.co/SgNDSLZgsG
.@TrumpDoral will be featured on @GolfChannel this morning (now).
Via @businessinsider by @BKcolin: “Donald Trump called the White House and offered to help fix the BP oil spill” http://t.co/IxOr72MtJ5
The winner of Best In Show of the 139th @WKCDOGS, Miss P, visited @TrumpTowerNY today- https://t.co/RRcFE1AHjR
Via http://t.co/TkShfpB8Ao  http://t.co/1eFI7cGiGF
Gov. Scott Walker just left my office--we had a really wonderful talk. Very interesting! @GovWalker
Congrats to @cheflents of TrumpCollection's #TrumpChicago on being a James Beard semifinalist: http://t.co/maobMmCu4L via @CrainsChicago
Entrepreneurs:  Ignorance is not bliss, it's fatal. It's costly. Pay attention or get crushed. Watch, listen and learn.
Entrepreneurs:  Pay attention to your negotiation skills. It's all about persuasion, and persuasion is power.
Entrepreneurs: It's often to your advantage to be underestimated.
Record setting cold and snow, ice caps massive! The only global warming we should fear is that caused by nuclear weapons - incompetent pols.
President Obama and our negotiators are failed checker players playing against Grand Master Chess champions. Very sad to watch!
Via @fitsnews: "The Donald Trump Show Is Returning To SC: BILLIONAIRE MOGUL HEADS BACK TO PALMETTO STATE" http://t.co/cgf4bp44Pv
Looking forward to being honored at @citadelgop’s Patriot Dinner with @SenatorTimScott in Charleston, SC this Sunday http://t.co/6CUGLkdh06
Via @Newsmax_Media by Cathy Burke: “Donald Trump on 2016 Bid: On Scale of 1-10 I'm 'Much More Than Five'” http://t.co/CmBzJvpB4G
My joint @seanhannity int. on @FoxNews with @GeraldoRivera recapping @ApprenticeNBC &amp; discussing the 2016 election http://t.co/QqBHlGsJAe
The Great Irish Links Challenge @Trump_Ireland &amp; Lahinch Golf Club is coming this June. Don’t miss it. http://t.co/0ASDOWPMsy #Doonbeg
Among the lowest temperatures EVER in much of the United States. Ice caps at record size. Changed name from GLOBAL WARMING to CLIMATE CHANGE
The winner of Best in Show at the Westminster Kennel Club Show, Miss P, will be coming to my office this morning.
By @kwrcrow: “NY Post caught 'LYING' Again!” http://t.co/wbFc2AMfIj … "The Donald” should go far." Actually, if I run, I'll win.
Jusr arrived at the studio - the place is going wild! LIVE AT 8 P.M.  #CELEBRITYAPPRENTICE
Paulina @MissUniverse Vega will be introduced tonight at the Finale of Celebrity Apprentice.She is a great beauty and a monster star in S.A.
Via @wsoctv by @BlairWSOC9: "EXCLUSIVE: Donald Trump talks possible presidential run"http://t.co/1DpR2ybPU6
Apprentice will be amazing tomorrow night!
Wow, 25 degrees below zero, record cold and snow spell. Global warming anyone?
.#Celebrityapprentice will be live tomorrow night. Entire cast will be there. Who do you like to win?
As a former host of Saturday Night Live, I look forward to attending tonight!
Record low temperatures and massive amounts of snow. Where the hell is GLOBAL WARMING?
Via @NYDailyNews by @klnynews: “Donald Trump wins lawsuit against Joint Commission on Public Ethics” http://t.co/lpyCF5De5H
“Score one for the Donald in his battle with @AGSchneiderman.” http://t.co/lpyCF5De5H
Congratulations to @TrumpNewYork @TrumpChicago @TrumpWaikiki @TrumpToronto on your Forbes Five-Star ratings @ForbesInspector
I look forward to attending Saturday Night Live on Sunday night. I am sure it will be a great show. @nbcsnl  http://t.co/iuZM2VkVvm
I still don’t know who I’m going to choose. @GeraldoRivera or @LeezaGibbons? Who do you like?  @ApprenticeNBC
The entire cast will be back for the live finale of @ApprenticeNBC Monday night at 8 PM
.#CelebrityApprentice Two hour live show on Monday night will determine who will become the winner of Celebrity Apprentice.Full cast returns
@RealDonaldTrump stands in defense of @ScottWalker's college record @DraftWalker16 Donald J. Trump stands in... http://t.co/53SRcOPW9R"
Via @BreitbartNews by @mboyle1: "DONALD TRUMP: MSM INVESTIGATION INTO SCOTT WALKER’S COLLEGE A ‘DOUBLE STANDARD’"http://t.co/AmWWjaeh3f
#TBT With @britneyspears http://t.co/oTAPeDSyJd
Entrepreneurs: See each day as an opportunity to show what you can do at the highest level.
Entrepreneurs: Success is good. Success with significance is even better.
Entrepreneurs: Work on what you will be proud to be associated with. Make your work count.
Mar-a-Lago in Palm Beach is one of the great palazzos of the world, with a fantastic history. http://t.co/tG2vpj00sV
Trump National Golf Club, Jupiter, is close to Palm Beach and designed by Jack Nicklaus--a masterpiece of a course. http://t.co/4z0jCH7PmE
Who should win Celebrity Apprentice on Monday night? Show will be telecast LIVE!
Let Pete Rose into the Hall of Fame now - 35 years is enough!
Trump Int'l Golf Links &amp; Hotel, Ireland, fronts the Atlantic Ocean in County Clare for 2.5 miles. Extraordinary! http://t.co/nT7zundGmV
Entrepreneurs: Don't ever think you've done it all already or that you've done your best. Don't sell yourself short!
Entrepreneurs: Having an ego and acknowledging it is a healthy choice. There's nothing wrong with bringing your talents to the surface.
Entrepreneurs: Listen and learn from others, but make your own decisions. Take responsibility for yourself. It's a very empowering attitude!
Trump National Golf Club, Washington, D.C. is situated on 600 acres overlooking the Potomac River. Beautiful!   http://t.co/KMaHBBQLXU …
Brian Williams, who is not the nice guy that people think he is, has now become totally irrelevant. He will never again hold court!
I have long stated that Brian Williams was not a very smart guy - all you have to do is look at his past. Now he has proven me correct!
“Donald Trump Congratulated on @foxandfriends for Receiving the @Algemeiner’s ‘Liberty Award’” http://t.co/r9fAKxOMrn via @Algemeiner
Via @BostonDotCom by @lilsarg: “Donald Trump on Snow, Salt, Vaccines, and the Oval Office” http://t.co/qOFWXjGQwb
Entrepreneurs: Be totally focused. Being successful requires nothing less than 100% of your concentrated effort.
Entrepreneurs: Be passionate--you have to love what you're doing to be successful at it.
Entrepreneurs: Negotiation is an art. Treat it like one.
Via @foxnewslatino by @GeraldoRivera: “@ApprenticeNBC Diary: And Now There Are Two” http://t.co/XrlwgxESCO
The best vision is insight. -- Malcolm Forbes
With America's debt topping $21T by the end of his presidency, Obama will have effectively bankrupted our country. @davidaxelrod
Why did @oreillyfactor give @davidaxelrod so much time to sell his third rate book. Bill should have hit stammering David MUCH harder! Waste
.@davidaxelrod  I hope your book is better than the Obama second book, but it is inaccurate as it pertains to me - but no big deal, boring!
.@davidaxelrod, use Buffet, Icahn, Sam Zell, Leon Black, Kravis, Caesars and many more when talking about using the bankruptcy laws, not me!
Watched @davidaxelrod on @oreillyfactor and the dog hit me even after I made a big contribution to his charity. I never went bankrupt!
At your request, I will be doing live tweeting during tonight’s @ApprenticeNBC.  #CelebApprentice
Don’t forget to watch @ApprenticeNBC tonight—you will love it! 8 PM on NBC.  #CelebApprentice
Via @Newsmax_Media by @wandacarruthers: "Donald Trump: US Defeating ISIS Only in John Kerry's Imagination" http://t.co/tG6pSSL3oG
Via @WashTimes By Eugene Dunn: “Trump could lead U.S. forward” http://t.co/mZ79oKpmFz
Celebrity Apprentice is nearing the end of a wonderful and very successful season. Watch tonight at 8:00.
"Donald Trump plans return to Iowa "http://t.co/gy2CcmoJfk via @KCCINews
Via @postandcourier: "The Donald at @TheCitadelOEA" http://t.co/gMhWHPcheI
I predicted Rosie O'Donnell would fail at the View, and was right. Now I predict Rosie will take over for Brian Williams!
Word is that Sleepy Eyes Chuck Todd, who has failed so badly with Meet the Press, will be taking over for now irrelevant Brian Williams!
Via @Newsmax_Media by @dpatten32: “Trump's Brand Gives Him 2016 Mojo” http://t.co/kHpDlUqNhL
By @kwrcrow: "Hey Washington Post; ‘Only You Hate Donald Trump’ or 'Is it FEAR?'" http://t.co/XBEDmhDQkI
Happy Birthday President Reagan #FlashbackFriday http://t.co/g2jvQaM1ta
The golden rule of negotiation: He who has the gold makes the rules.
Entrepreneurs:  Look at the solution, not the problem. Learn to focus on what will give results.
My father's 4 step formula for success: "Get in, get it done, get it done right, and get out." -- Fred C. Trump
An investment in knowledge pays the best interest. -- Benjamin Franklin
Trump Int'l Golf Club Turnberry, Scotland. A legendary course ... and rightly so.  http://t.co/BVsLbZTA46
Via @BreitbartNews by @mboyle1: “EXCLUSIVE — DONALD TRUMP TO SPEAK AT CPAC” http://t.co/mhaQFB4Lyh @CPACnews
“@Algemeiner Honors @Joan_Rivers, Donald Trump, @YuliEdelstein at Second Annual ‘Jewish 100' Gala” http://t.co/pBBxb1p2ga via @Algemeiner
Entrepreneurs: Be a cautious optimist. I call it positive thinking with a lot of reality checks.
Via The Washington Times  "Mr. Trump buzzes the presidential radar"   http://t.co/SC14Okocf0
Entrepreneurs:  Having a product requires something very important--you have to think about the market. Do your due diligence.
Entrepreneurs: Brainpower is the ultimate leverage.
It's not that I'm so smart, it's just that I stay with problems longer. -- Albert Einstein
I just answered my Facebook fan's questions in the latest #AskTheDonald- watch the video- http://t.co/2POo2ywnpt
Via @NewYorkObserver by @Bshapiro91: “Donald Trump, @MelRivers Headline @Algemeiner Gala” http://t.co/794zKuRRAN
Trump Int'l Hotel &amp; Tower, Toronto.  #1 in all of Canada.     http://t.co/KlRqulgPmi
Via @Zawya: “Trump home partners with lifestyle to launch an exclusive collection of home décor” https://t.co/ut5S45g1H7
Must read opinion piece by @Gallup CEO Jim Clifton: “The Big Lie: 5.6% Unemployment” http://t.co/3SPeAAOLwM Just as I have long been saying…
Entrepreneurs:  Be curious. Discovery breeds discovery, just as success breeds success. Don't sell yourself short.
Entrepreneurs:  See each day as an opportunity to show what you can do at the highest level. Take responsibility for yourself!
Entrepreneurs: Don't put blinders on or limit yourself. Reach out, seek and explore. The opportunities are always there.
Trump Int'l Hotel &amp; Tower Chicago has won many awards &amp; accolades, as has Sixteen, its signature restaurant.  http://t.co/4oJj9nQnUH
Trump Golf Links at Ferry Point in the Bronx, NY, will open soon. A Jack Nicklaus Signature Design. Beautiful.  http://t.co/XovcybFo0P
We’re worried about waterboarding as our enemy, ISIS, is beheading people and burning people alive. Time for us to wake up.
Via @Entrepreneur by @MDMSEO : “8 Lessons for Entrepreneurs That @ApprenticeNBC Emphasizes” http://t.co/TIYjdTG1Aa
#CelebApprentice With three wonderful, but fired, contestants- http://t.co/JTpiV2Ve2e
Congratulations @TrumpNewYork for being named in @CNTraveler’s Top 10 US Hotels for Business Travelers! http://t.co/2lPE4zsNWo
Trump National Golf Club, Washington, D.C. is on 600 beautiful acres fronting the Potomac River. A fantastic setting! http://t.co/pYtkbyKwt5
Entrepreneurs: Is the problem a blip or a catastrophe? Keep things in perspective. Learn to expect problems and keep moving forward.
Entrepreneurs: Money is not always the bottom line: it can be a score card, not the final score.
Entrepreneurs: Vision remains vision until you focus, do the work, and bring it down to earth where it will do some good.
Are all the illegals pouring into our country vaccinated? I don't think so. Great danger to U.S.
MUST READ @IBDeditorials: “President Obama's Amnesty At Any Price” http://t.co/udlYbnZgWZ Congress - Use the Power of Purse! Defund Amnesty!
Best Apprentice episode EVER tonight at 8:00.
Let’s together Make America Great Again! Vote Trump at https://t.co/YoNf60s0lm
Via @bizjournals by @BrandonSawalich: "3 lessons about loyalty that I learned from Donald Trump" http://t.co/GeZdAl83Qi
Remember, tonight's 8 o’clock episode of Celebrity Apprentice is the best ever—you will see nothing like it on tv. @ApprenticeNBC
Trump National Golf Club, Los Angeles, on the Palos Verdes Peninsula overlooking the Pacific Ocean--spectacular!http://t.co/lydaXl5hOU
Entrepreneurs: Remember to think big by expanding your horizons at the same time you're expanding your net worth.
Entrepreneurs: Paying attention is a cost effective way of protecting yourself.
Entrepreneurs: Set your mind on winning and losing won't have a chance.  See yourself as victorious!
Tonight's episode of @ApprenticeNBC is not only the best episode ever, it has a great lesson in life. Don't miss it!
My @foxandfriends int. @FoxNewsInsider “'Once a Choker, Always a Choker': DJT Takes Credit for Romney Dropping Out” http://t.co/0QuJxWs7Qh
It must have been President Obama that called in what will go down as the DUMBEST PLAY IN THE HISTORY OF FOOTBALL. Same thought process!
I wonder if Marshawn Lynch will now speak and call some  coach a moron for not allowing him to run the ball three times for one yard?
Love that Patriots won - Brady is best ever! Seahawks pass    was DUMBEST play in the history of football! Great going COACH B!
Via @globegazette by John Skipper: "North Iowan says Trump serious about POTUS run - but he'll have to prove it" http://t.co/nfeuo3B7si
I'm looking forward to the Super Bowl but looking even more forward to Monday night at 8:00 - best episode EVER of Celebrity Apprentice!
Via @eonline:"@IvankaTrump Wears @MissUniverse 2014's $300,000 Crown, Nails Beauty Pageant Winner Look" http://t.co/nTDJxommxP
“@BrandiGlanville, @KenyaMoore, Talk @ApprenticeNBC Feud” http://t.co/hwYuTtZrhL via @ChristianPost by Virnelli Mercader
“Donald Trump: 'I Will Take Full Credit' for Romney Dropping Out” http://t.co/igRdlxOVzh via @Newsmax_Media by @ssfitzgerald
I hope you can go to @oreillyfactor and vote for Donald Trump in order to Make America Great Again! Thanks.
@Patti_Page Thanks Patti, I hope they vote @oreillyfactor
Whether you think you can or think you can't, you're right. -- Henry Ford
Now that Mitt is gone, all we have to do is get Bush to drop out and Trump to run—and we will win!
When I broadly proclaimed Mitt “choked” – and would do it again—everybody said yeah, he’s right.
I will take full credit for Mitt Romney dropping out of the race—looks like he won’t be endorsing Trump any time soon.
“President Trump?” http://t.co/AXCrJhL1RX via @MiamiHerald by Wayne E. Williams
Mitt did the right thing—not because he had to-- but because he never would have been given a second chance after his first fiasco
Everyone is saying the bad news is that Donald Trump is going to take credit &amp; they are right—Mitt wouldn’t have won anyway.
Via @MiamiNewTimes by @Munzenrieder : “Doral Mayor Declares Emergency to Give Donald Trump Key to the City” http://t.co/Lkk5y2EQwb
Trump Int'l Hotel &amp; Tower Vancouver will be a new landmark in a fantastic city http://t.co/aF5XY8Xu3p
Entrepreneurs: Success is good. Success with significance is even better. Work on what you will be proud to be associated with.
Entrepreneurs: What is the standard for which you want to be known? Identify that standard and then establish it.
Entrepreneurs: Knowledge requires patience, action requires courage. Put patience and courage together and you'll be a winner .
My int. on @FoxNews’ @oreillyfactor: “Donald Trump, presidential politics and 'The Factor'” http://t.co/cKjqFaOmbD
Trump Int'l Golf Links Ireland in County Clare fronts the Atlantic Ocean &amp; is #1 Resort in Europe/Conde Nast Traveler http://t.co/nl4CTl2yIx
Congrats to @TrumpWaikiki, celebrating 51 consecutive months as the #1 Honolulu Hotel on @TripAdvisor!
"Fallout from Iowa: Trump Speech Drew Greatest Response" http://t.co/KKNzwK4kKM via @Newsmax_Media by Jim Meyers http://t.co/z3WJymkVDy
Via @Newsmax_Media: "Trump, @oreillyfactor Make Up After Digs at Each Other" http://t.co/XUpoNpkRfC
Via @BreitbartNews by @THESHARKTANK1: "DONALD TRUMP FIRES ENTIRE 2016 GOP FIELD" http://t.co/Lc5VxAKh6K
Entrepreneurs: There are no guarantees. But being ready sure beats being taken by surprise. Do your due diligence!
Entrepreneurs:  Being stubborn is a big part of being a winner. Don't give in and don't give up!
Entrepreneurs: Keep your focus and keep your momentum. Listen, apply and move forward. Set the standard!
Many people are saying it was wonderful that Mrs. Obama refused to wear a scarf in Saudi Arabia, but they were insulted.We have enuf enemies
@JoeWMiller Thanks Joe!
.@oreillyfactor - bad and very deceptive journalism. Show must be heading in wrong direction, too bad!  @SarahPalinUSA
.@SarahPalinUSA was 100% correct when she stated that @oreillyfactor used us in day long tease to get people to watch, but we were not on!
“Donald Trump 2016: 7 Political Stances of GOP Presidential Hopeful” http://t.co/oC3ku4IHvI via @Newsmax_Media
Entrepreneurs:  Be tough, be smart, be personable, but don't take things personally. That's good business.
Entrepreneurs: Don't tread water. Get out there and go for it.
Entrepreneurs:  Achievers move forward at all times. Achievement is not a plateau, it's a beginning.
Congratulations are in order! @TrumpPanama ranks #5 Top Hotel in Panama by @TripAdvisor's #TravelersChoice Awards! http://t.co/otmD9WVZov
#TrumpVlog Obama- stop chewing gum! http://t.co/KCj2P1v9aJ
My parents:"Trust in God and be true to yourself." -- Mary MacLeod Trump"Know everything you can about what you're doing."  Fred C. Trump
.@TrumpCollection continues to deliver the goods   http://t.co/iNyM2MoQUy
Surprise, @oreillyfactor used my name big league in pre-ads to promote the show—then talked about everyone else but me!
#IndianaJones and #Ghostbusters- what's wrong??? http://t.co/2nNFF6cwlI
Via @njdotcom by Eugene R. Dunn, Medford: "Donald Trump towers over GOP field" http://t.co/57TclNsHg5 "They hate us because they ain't us."
“Trump: 'Never Give Up' on Farmland Value Rally” http://t.co/5bDsBUkjOH @TerryBranstad @KimReynoldsIA @ChuckGrassley @SenJoniErnst @BNorthey
By @kwrcrow: “NY Post caught 'LYING' Again!” http://t.co/wbFc2B3QQn "The Donald” should go far." Actually, if I run, I'll win.
Getting ready to go on @KellyandMichael - two great people!
I guess Rupert Murdoch and the @nypost don't like Donald Trump. Such false reporting about my big hit in Iowa. Even my enemies said "bull."
Wow, I have always liked the @nypost but they have really lied when they covered me in Iowa. Packed house, standing O, best speech! Sad.
Going over to @ABC to do LIVE  at 9:00.
Via @Newsmax_Media: "Trump: I'd Be Better 'Meet the Press' Host Than 'Moron' Chuck Todd" http://t.co/FvI4vg56HB
Congratulations to the 7 @TrumpCollection properties who made @USNewsTravel's Best Hotels List: http://t.co/1GgrePGJLM
.@Lord_Sugar How did you enjoy Mar-a-Lago? It was nice having you there--my people thought you were terrific!
Via @ConservReview by @JeffJlpa1: "Why Donald Trump is Right" https://t.co/1CnDFBN175
So many people have told me that I should host Meet the Press and replace the moron who is on now. Just too busy, especially next 10 years!
Apprentice = big hit. Miss Universe = Big hit. I always get big ratings. If I hosted Meet the Press instead of Sleepy Eyes,a smash! @NBCNews
I am convinced that sleepy eyes Chuck Todd was only a placeholder for someone else at Meet the Press. He bombed, franchise in ruins! @nbc
President Obama, our great leader, wants to declare martial law in New York City as a means of helping out with the "massive" storm.
Wow, the final ratings for the Miss Universe Pageant show that it won in all key demos - number one on Sunday. I have a winner!
As usual, the "storm of the century" was not nearly as bad as forecast. What a waste of time, energy and money!
All new @ApprenticeNBC starts right now! http://t.co/zufZfBxOw2
Watch Celebrity Apprentice, on NOW!
Celebrity Apprentice in 15 minutes - don't miss it!
Two of the best ever episodes of Celebrity Apprentice tonight at 8. Totally vicious and crazy! I will live tweet.
Where the hell is global warming when you need it?
Why do people give @KarlRove contributions when they know he is a loser who has no idea how to win? http://t.co/mbnmf8D8jI
@KarlRove spent $400M in 2012 &amp; didn’t win a single race http://t.co/12InRskWGn
$ave your $. Don’t invest in @KarlRove. He doesn’t have a clue. http://t.co/12InRskWGn
.@VenueMagazine_ highlights the opening of @TrumpDoral's brand new #RedTiger course: http://t.co/vguST5ZWN6
.@MissUniverse ratings were great! A big win and a wonderful night! http://t.co/kxlJXl69SD
Via @DMRegister :“@brentroske on Politics: Trump Talks Iowa” http://t.co/ncZ1WXLk4R
A huge honor for @TrumpToronto for being named #1 Luxury Hotel in Canada by @TripAdvisor's #TravelersChoice Awards http://t.co/hR6kBhUwBS
Via @BreitbartNews by @rwildewrites: “Donald Trump: I Can Make America Great Again” http://t.co/nYWN56ZY7T (Hyperlinked on @DRUDGE_REPORT)
Get ready for the Apprentice tonight - TWO AMAZING EPISODES. I will be live tweeting!
Don't miss the #MissUniverse Pageant tonight at 8/7c with performances by @NickJonas @PrinceRoyce and @GavinDeGraw http://t.co/gphFqf57fS
"Donald Trump: Jeb Bush's Support of Common Core 'a Disaster'" http://t.co/U40UQ0UvGl via @BreitbartNews by Dr. Susan Berry
Via @NYDailyNews by Rich Schapiro: "Donald Trump slams Mitt Romney, Jeb Bush" http://t.co/S27VscBx6x
Word is that @NBCNews is firing sleepy eyes Chuck Todd in that his ratings on Meet the Press are setting record lows. He's a real loser!
My speech at yesterday’s @SteveKingIA @Citizens_United Iowa Freedom Summit  http://t.co/AbTlpRupej via @FoxNews
.@MannyPacquiao and friends at @TrumpDoral http://t.co/iNaq5E1whS
Via @BreitbartNews: “DONALD TRUMP AT SUMMIT: OBAMACARE A ‘FILTHY LIE,’ CAN BUILD ‘A BEAUTY’ OF A BORDER FENCE” http://t.co/ubqpHOogI8
Via @bpolitics by @tdopp: “In Iowa, Trump Promises to ‘Surprise a Lot of People’” https://t.co/afpHEU9f9c
“Trump: 'Seriously Considering' a Presidential Bid” http://t.co/lbz0lKyOb8 via @NBCNews
“Trump: ‘No way’ Bush, Romney would win in 2016” http://t.co/i5sBC2IcqB via @FoxNews by Barnini Chakraborty
Via @RadioIowa by @okayhenderson: “Trump touts business career, but not TV show during Iowa speech” http://t.co/ovXnPEKEji
Thanks to @SteveKingIA for the kind introduction at the IA Freedom Summit &amp; congrats to @David_Bossie &amp; @Citizens_United on a great success!
Via @thehill by @timdevaney: "Donald Trump: GOP nominee ‘can’t be Mitt, can’t be Bush'" http://t.co/ZnT7ayNBiC
Via @DMRegister by @WilliamPetroski: "Trump: I can make America great again" http://t.co/4imrHjWe8f
Via @ABCPolitics by @rickklein: "Trump Blasts Romney, Bush; Says GOP Has 'Nobody Like Trump'" http://t.co/xVUzP1Z6lT
Watch the 63rd Annual @MissUniverse Pageant tomorrow on NBC at 8PM! https://t.co/TYomVUJV0V
With @C_Soules from #TheBachelor in Iowa- http://t.co/aXJDfrfreR
Via @DMRegister by @JenniferJJacobs: "Trump to hand out Trump memorabilia at Iowa summit" http://t.co/gN47z0KfFU
"Trump rails on Romney as possible 2016 contender" http://t.co/rJTW8B5BYN  via @nypost by @GeoffEarle
Via @DMRegister by @JenniferJJacobs: "Trump: 'I would've won the race against Obama'" http://t.co/KVNfjCh9Yx
You have to learn the rules of the game. And then you have to play better than anyone else. -- Albert Einstein
With oil below $50, the blighted views by windfarms of historic @CulzeanCastle will be very sad. #SaveCulzean http://t.co/wQSIPBlv3o
Just leaving for @LandExpo in Iowa--standing room only. My great honor. @PeoplesCompany  http://t.co/BBIHXXKCCf
Just been informed by @nbc--they want to extend the run of the @ApprenticeNBC by two shows because it is doing so well. Two hours live.
The @MissUniverse contestants review their amazing stay at @TrumpDoral- https://t.co/ekhGeX278r
Which National Costume do you think should win? http://t.co/a2hpUlMF5K
Which National Costume do you think should win? http://t.co/yuJgB7yWGJ
Which National Costume do you think should win? http://t.co/oORVufxeWL
Which National Costume do you think should win? http://t.co/JUIOe6lRvs
#TBT With the wonderful actor Jack Nicholson http://t.co/VeBBOZPVRU
Which National Costume do you think should win? http://t.co/bQkfZl7f5G
Entrepreneurs:  Everything starts with you. Realize that you're in charge.  Whatever happens, you're responsible.
Entrepreneurs:  See yourself as victorious. This will focus you in the right direction. Put everything you've got into what you're doing.
Entrepreneurs:  Use your imagination. Use your intelligence to execute what your imagination presents to you.
They just arrested pol Shelly Silver in New York. Why aren’t they arresting a far bigger crook --@AGSchneiderman?
The new winter menu @SixteenChicago @TrumpChicago explores the evolution of fine dining - @RobbReport http://t.co/zgePWOXoI6
Just watched @Patriots Bill Belichick’s news conference. He did a great job—smart, concise, truthful!
Only those who will risk going too far can possibly find out how far one can go. -- T. S. Eliot
The secret of getting ahead is getting started. -- Mark Twain
Dress your best! The Trump Signature Collection, exclusively available @Macys, offers the tops style in menswear http://t.co/hotvBiBizM
Congress, use the power of the purse. STOP AMNESTY!
Congratulations to @joniernst on delivering a strong conservative message in her #SOTU response. Joni will be a great senator.
Via @examinercom by @Mellyora13: “Trump: Was Benghazi the result of incompetence or something more sinister?” http://t.co/MO4yzO2aSD
Via @LatinoVoices by @CaritoJuliette: “Meet The Latina 2014 @MissUniverse Candidates” http://t.co/Zo80gO5Zrn
Be sure to watch highlights from the record setting 14th season of @ApprenticeNBC here http://t.co/WIH8gDAyuH
ICYMI, my speech this past Monday at the South Carolina Tea Party Convention in Myrtle Beach http://t.co/2OlmwXgruv  #SCTeaParty15
I look forward to attending &amp; speaking at the Iowa Land Investment Expo—total sellout crowd http://t.co/BBIHXXKCCf @PeoplesCompany
Miss Israel and Miss Lebanon- "no more fighting!" #TrumpVlog #MissUniverse http://t.co/W8lWq9C5Qs
Based on new oil prices, the ugly windfarms being built in Scotland will quickly die! What a mess!
If Scotland would have gone independent predicated on $100 - $150 oil, they would now be bust!
With @shawnjohnson and @lorenzolamas from @apprenticenbc- two great people! http://t.co/Nrtr5BWurc
Tonight on @ExtraTV, I’m talking #CelebApprentice. Tune-in!
Congratulations to @TrumpChicago and @SixteenChicago for receiving the @AAANews Five Diamond Award again this year!
ICYMI, @IvankaTrump’s int. on @TODAYshow discussing @Joan_Rivers &amp; contestant rivalries on @ApprenticeNBC   http://t.co/Em7bgj10SM
Tomorrow on the @MissUniverse Facebook page submit your final question for the contestants- http://t.co/PmGTzqYROg
Great list of spring travel ideas from our @TrumpCollection properties: http://t.co/oCV2lvqZqf
Via @thestate by @AP: “Donald Trump: Giving ‘serious thought’ to presidential run” http://t.co/FU98Rn59T6
With Joan Rivers and ivankatrump from last night's great boardroom! http://t.co/F5Q4a2RgoZ
"Donald Trump To Mitt Romney: 'You’re Fired'" http://t.co/8KjL74PaNe via @fitsnews
Via @BPolitics by @Griffin "Aboard Donald Trump’s 757 at the South Carolina Tea Party Convention" https://t.co/fSb6yvEqUY
“TEA TALK: Highlights from Monday convention speech from Donald Trump” http://t.co/HbeF6TD2A8 via @myrbeachonline by @TSN_MPrabhu
Via @wmbfnews: "Donald Trump puts Tea Party on map for 2016" http://t.co/QIneOOZUqz
"Trump at Tea Party"http://t.co/mxogYWkq8z via @myrbeachonline
New episode starting now!
"Trump arrives for SC Tea Party Convention in Myrtle Beach"http://t.co/Gg0Evnb5FR via @WCBD
"AIR FORCE TRUMP: AHEAD OF 2016, THE DONALD SLAMS ROMNEY, BUSH IN SOUTH CAROLINA" http://t.co/DIMQdF1nxC via @BreitbartNews by @mboyle1
Joan Rivers on The Apprentice tonight at 8:00. I will be live tweeting. JOAN WAS GREAT!
Via @CarolinaLive by @JoelAllenWPDE:“Big names wrap up largest ever SC Tea Party Coalition Convention” http://t.co/52xCeywzZp
Via @myrbeachonline by @TSN_MPrabhu: "Donald Trump states case for becoming POTUS at SC Tea Party convention"http://t.co/b3HWGXEkXu
.@foxandfriends  in five minutes!
The Apprentice will be very exciting and interesting tonight at 8:00. Joan Rivers puts on a great show!
I will be on @foxandfriends  tomorrow morning at 7:00. Enjoy!
I look forward to being in South Carolina tomorrow, a total sellout crowd!
Via @NOLAnews by @DaveWalkerTV: "Donald Trump praises @Joan_Rivers as 'strong,' 'vibrant' in @ApprenticeNBC return" http://t.co/X3UZtSil1G
“Donald Trump to headline SC Tea Party Convention” http://t.co/0ja1yS3gXO via @wyffnews4
Via @fitsnews:  "Donald Trump Knows How To (Tea) Party - THE DONALD PLANS SPLASHY LANDING IN MYRTLE BEACH, S.C." http://t.co/I63Pftqv7e
Monday night at 8:00 will be must see television. Our wonderful Joan Rivers plays a major role as my advisor on the Apprentice. AMAZING!
Via @eonline by @BrettMalec: “2014 @MissUniverse Contestants” http://t.co/wjHC5mCCmW
“@AP Interview: @MissUniverse Gabriela Isler reflects as her reign winds down” http://t.co/WyXHzutGI6 via @YahooNews
Via @PVPatch by Paige Austin: “Trump to Donate 12 Acres for Conservation in Palos Verdes” http://t.co/CsIF8RP7qe
“Donald Trump: I'm Not Buying the @BrooklynNets” http://t.co/QlOqezDqrt via @TMZ_Sports
Via @WTOC11: "Donald Trump headlines Tea Party Convention in Myrtle Beach" http://t.co/kTuSn6eSEs Looking forward to visiting SC on Monday!
"Donald Trump donates land to conservation group in Palos Verdes"http://t.co/l7FFgaMOqW via @MyNewsLA
“Donald Trump turns over 11.5 ac.in Rancho Palos Verdes for recreational open space” http://t.co/nP5Y2OB4X4 @DailyBreezeNews by @meg_barnes
Via @NYDailyNews by Eugene Dunn: “Trump the Nation's Great Hope” http://t.co/fsApohRoYP
The episode of the Apprentice that everyone has been waiting for....Joan Rivers stars, and she is and does GREAT!  Next Monday night at 8:00
Despite what the haters and losers like to say, I never filed for bankruptcy but WOW, the preeminent gaming company, Caesars, just did.
“WATCH: @MissUniverse contestants golf with Donald Trump @TrumpDoral” http://t.co/4piSTXG0G7 via @KylePorterCBS by @CBSSports
Looking forward to keynoting the South Carolina Tea Party Convention in Myrtle Beach on Monday at 3:20PM! http://t.co/qkMriOTcWb
Via @LINKSMagazine: “Only The Donald" http://t.co/6LeLOsU9Rm
If the morons who killed all of those people at Charlie Hebdo would have just waited, the magazine would have folded - no money, no success!
Charlie Hebdo reminds me of the "satirical" rag magazine Spy that was very dishonest and nasty and went bankrupt. Charlie was also broke!
Via @beforeitsnews: “WATCH: See How Trump Just Torched Obama, Biden, Kerry For Snubbing Paris Anti-Terror March” http://t.co/XOEi6MH1Te
The new Red Tiger course at @TrumpDoral- http://t.co/6Vf0rgkZmM Follow @TrumpGolf for more great photos.
ICYMI, @IvankaTrump’s @waytooearly int. w/@ThomasARoberts on @ApprenticeNBC's firings,Trump Int’l DC &amp; @MissUniverse http://t.co/x4if2jatZa
“A list golfing buddy! @Tegan__Martin enjoys golf w/Donald Trump ahead of@MissUniverse” http://t.co/GCz1z0XxqB via @DailyMailCeleb
#CelebApprentice Photo from last night's boardroom. http://t.co/xossBgxzTd
“@NBCApprentice: And the fired celebrities are...” http://t.co/WtBjUyWPhr via @ew by @DaltonRoss
Via @SunSentinel by @JoanieCox: “In Palm Beach, nothing trumps the Trump Invitational” http://t.co/nlRAkKtbeg
“Trump on Romney: ‘You Just Can’t Give Him Another Chance’:Some golfers can't sink the 3 ft. putt.” http://t.co/MOxUQlWG0X via @PJMedia_com
Via @CBSmiami by @LisaPetrillo: “Trump Unveils Renovated @TrumpDoral Red Tiger Golf Course” http://t.co/GNJpH4qGml
#CelebApprentice Another exciting episode -tune in next Monday at 8pm for 2 more new episodes!
#CelebApprentice who do you think won?
#CelebApprentice  What do you think of the new teams/PMs?
#CelebApprentice stay tuned for the 2nd half we have one more firing tonight!
“@HoganSeaisle129: @realDonaldTrump who who who ... Say it just say it #CelebApprentice” Watch and see what happens!
#CelebApprentice Time for the first firing of the night.
#CelebApprentice #TeamVortex or #TeamInfinity?
#CelebApprentice Selfies- yes or no?
#CelebApprentice what do you think of the choices for project manager?
#CelebApprentice We always make sure to have great NYC locations for the task delivery.
Let's go! #CelebApprentice
#CelebApprentice I will be live tweeting(no spoilers) during tonight's all new @ApprenticeNBC at 8PM ET.
My @foxandfriends int.on @FoxNewsInsider:“'We Have No Leadership': Trump Slams Obama for Skipping Paris Unity Rally” http://t.co/fBOrii03RW
http://t.co/COTHSIXaVJ Lights... Camera....You're Fired! All new @apprenticenbc tonight at 8PM ET on NBC!
My @morning_joe int. w/@morningmika, @JoeNBC &amp; @ThomasARoberts f/@trumpdoral on why Romney shouldn't be @GOP nomineehttp://t.co/ziooSi5VTO
Via @thehill by @HugginsRachel: “Trump looking 'very seriously' at 2016 run” http://t.co/wSO2JXaqF5
Some of the women on Celebrity Apprentice are absolutely crazy - maybe the wildest thing ever on reality television. Watch tonight!
Tonight at 8:00 is a really big one for a double episode of  Celebrity Apprentice. Watch, you won't believe what happens!
Remember, @foxandfriends at 7:00 A.M. and Celebrity Apprentice at 8:00 P.M. Enjoy!
Will be on @foxandfriends  tomorrow morning at 7:00.
Get ready for two amazing episodes of Celebrity Apprentice tomorrow night (Monday) at 8:00. Some incredible things happen!
The French police are afraid to go into many  communities. How did France let this all happen, and how did the female terrorist ever escape?
Via @WDesMoinesPatch by @DerekJ3031: “@ShawnJohnson on @ApprenticeNBC”http://t.co/rrYCPUvBiB
Via @wbtwnews13 by @elizabethk_wbtw: “Donald Trump will deliver keynote address to the SC Tea Party Convention” http://t.co/QHAkXuH8CC
“@Letterman to Donald Trump: ‘Fire @geraldorivera’”http://t.co/evggsZMnZ1 via @Mediaite by @TheMattWilstein
“@MissUSA Nia Sanchez of Nevada is ready for @missuniverse” http://t.co/knk0p9jFts via @lasvegassun by @Robin_Leach
Via @Newsmax_Media: “Donald Trump 2016: 8 Facts About Personal Life of GOP Presidential Hopeful”http://t.co/uE5GCm5Npw
Entrepreneurs:  Look at the solution, not the problem. Learn to focus on what will give results.
Entrepreneurs: Business is a creative endeavor. Being innovative = being open to new ideas. Keep an open mind!
Entrepreneurs:  Be totally focused. Know everything you can about what you're doing. Give your work 100% of your concentrated effort.
Watch my appearance on @Letterman from last night- http://t.co/lguvcKtW0g
If you think you can do a thing or think you can't do a thing, you're right. -- Henry Ford
.@ximenaNR  Great job, we are all proud of you - one of our all time BEST!
You may want to watch David Letterman tonight - I am on!
Via @Newsmax_Media by @melaniebatley: "Donald Trump: France's Strict Gun Laws Enabled Attack"http://t.co/4YkDDwRdu1
Fact – the tighter the gun laws, the more violence. The criminals will always have guns.
“But if someone has a gun and is trying to kill you... it would be reasonable to shoot back with your own gun.” - @DalaiLama
Looking forward to being honored with the prestigious ‘Friend of Israel’ award at the @Algemeiner Gala Dinner https://t.co/qZ2VZtQGuP
To be completed this year,Trump Int’l Golf Club Dubai will feature a 7,205-yard, par 71 &amp; double-sided driving range http://t.co/K6oPtN6JFo
Via @ArutzSheva_En by Moshe Cohen: “Donald Trump: French Gun Control Allowed Terrorists to Succeed” http://t.co/3fqxyrH1U0
I will be on @letterman tonight. Be sure to watch! Always a great time. @LateShow
#TBT With Tommy Lee Jones at Mar-a-Lago. http://t.co/MgWZnXvqME
You have enemies? Good. That means you've stood up for something, sometime in your life. -- Winston Churchill
Via @nypost by @StarrMSS: “Trump: @ApprenticeNBC contestants ‘the meanest by far’” http://t.co/prXk25MSc1
Watch @ApprenticeNBC episode 2 online again via @nbc: “Nobody Out Thinks Donald Trump"  http://t.co/p1kwvR3Bzg
It's record cold all over the country and world - where the hell is global warming, we need some fast!
Goodnight everyone, sleep tight!
Politicians are ALL TALK, NO ACTION!  ---  just look at our country.
Who is paying for that tedious Smokey Bear commercial that is on all the time - enough already!
Almost no news organizations are showing the "satirical" pictures. Gee, I wonder why? The media is usually so brave!
I would like to thank @GolfMagazine for the really nice review of Trump National Doral - Best Renovation of the Year (and maybe all time).
“Donald Trump to address SC Tea Party Coalition at Myrtle Beach event” http://t.co/hBAIOXUTgf via @CarolinaLive by @timmcginniswpde
Via @thestate by @andyshain: “Donald Trump joins other 2016 prospects speaking at SC Tea Party Convention”http://t.co/cMriNEirEU
Remember, when guns are outlawed, only outlaws will have guns!
Isn’t it interesting that the tragedy in Paris took place in one of the toughest gun control countries in the world?
If the people so violently shot down in Paris had guns, at least they would have had a fighting chance.
Congratulations to new Congressman @leezeldin being named to House Foreign Affairs Comm. and co-chair the House Republican Israel Caucus.
Why does Obama continue to release the worst of the worst from Gitmo?! Look at Paris and wake up!
My condolences and prayers to the victims of the terrorist attack in Paris.
“The Trumps pay tribute to the late @Joan_Rivers”  http://t.co/h7pVSrSxhU via @azcentral
Via @TheYBF: “@msvivicafox Attends A Private Screening + Donald Trump DONATES $25K To @peachespulliam’S Kamp Kizzy”http://t.co/KC3CQ6QVpq
Via @BreitbartNews by @mboyle1: "Exclusive: Trump To Address South Carolina Tea Party Convention" http://t.co/Jtut7sRCNX
“Failure is simply the opportunity to begin again, this time more intelligently.” - Henry Ford
Big announcement coming soon regarding South Carolina…
Via @TMZ_Sports: “Donald Trump: Don't Mess Up @terrellowens' Name. 'I've Seen Him Go Crazy At People'”  http://t.co/0hitA7wzRe
Congress must repeal ObamaCare. Obama will veto while Americans continue to lose their doctors &amp; pay rising premiums.
Via @DMRegister  by @newsmanone: “'Moon cycle' can't defeat @ShawnJohnson on @ApprenticeNBC” http://t.co/7u8fEHEg4o
Via @EW by @DaltonRoss: “recap: 'Nobody Out Thinks Donald Trump'”  http://t.co/f7oPZEBUVs
Looking forward to next week’s unveiling of the Red Tiger @TrumpDoral. An 18 hole masterpiece w/two island greens http://t.co/jBPL1wWf1i
Congrats to @FLGovScott on today's inauguration and having done a great job!
Thanks to our loyal viewers &amp; fans, last night’s @ApprenticeNBC topped all the demos &amp; grew 24% in our regular slot premiere.
.@JuddApatow I agree!
I look forward to going to the Land Investment Expo in Iowa on Jan. 23. Record crowd—sold out venue. @LandExpo @PeoplesCompany
Learn more about @TrumpIntRealty's @Mgriffithnyc and some of our spectacular real estate in NYC- http://t.co/BE5L0yHJ3S
.@kevinjonas was great but he brought the wrong person into the boardroom. Had he brought Lorenzo in, he would not have been fired.
Wow, despite the switch to Monday night, @ApprenticeNBC ratings were higher than even the Sunday night show.
Remember, after this, new episode starts - 5 MINUTES!
I will be live tweeting!
Celebrity Apprentice starts in 15 minutes on NBC. ENJOY!
Via @feminamissindia: “@MannyPacquiao among @MissUniverse 2015 judges” http://t.co/69Br0Caoee
Looking forward to speaking at @Citizens_United &amp; @SteveKingIA’s “Iowa’s Freedom Summit” on January 24th http://t.co/0Ld0z0FHju
Remember, tonight (Monday), the second and third episodes of The Apprentice are on at 8:00 &amp; 9:00. Great ratings last night 18 - 49. FUN!
You can watch all the highlights of last night’s record 14th season premiere of @ApprenticeNBC http://t.co/MiVcT6zjEk
Via @latimes’ @LATshowtracker:“Monday's TV Highlights:@ApprenticeNBCon @nbc”http://t.co/8C3qcKbYbQ
Via @peoplemag by @amandamichl: “@IvankaTrump: @Joan_RiversWas 'Very Warm' During Appearance on @ApprenticeNBC” http://t.co/OGymqaoTcB
.@peachespulliam at @TrumpTowerNY this afternoon- a wonderful woman. It was an honor to donate $25K to her charity. http://t.co/GWYl31WsfP
Wow, great ratings for @ApprenticeNBC- http://t.co/yHHeUbmACn Don't forget watch 2 new episodes tonight at 8PM on @NBC.
#CelebApprentice We had lots of fun last night with the live tweeting so I will do it again tonight from 8-10pm.
Don't forget, episodes 2 and 3 of @ApprenticeNBC are on tonight at 8PM and 9PM on @NBC.
I will be on @foxandfriends at 7:00 A.M. Will be talking about many things, including The Apprentice!
I will be LIVE tweeting tomorrow (MONDAY) nights TWO shows starting at 8:00 P.M. They are both great.
This show was taped just before the terrible Bill Cosby revelations came to light.She still should have asked him for money-goes to charity.
Hope you liked it. Tune in tomorrow night at 8:00 and 9:00 for two episodes and two boardrooms! Will be a great evening of television!
How do you like the boardroom so far?
This boardroom gets CRAZY! These people are wild
Who do you like - hate so far?
It's still exciting after all these years - and this cast is special!
This is going to be a special season - truly great characters and cast. You will soon see!
In less than 30 minutes- watch the season premiere of @ApprenticeNBC on NBC.
#CelebApprentice @apprenticenbc returns tonight at 9/8c on NBC- http://t.co/eNuRYMhQwE
Everyone is asking me to cover The Apprentice LIVE on twitter. I will do so. Tonight 9 to 11. IT WILL BE A GREAT EVENING OF TELEVISION!
#CelebApprentice Who will hear those two famous words? @Apprenticenbc premieres tomorrow at 9/8c on NBC. http://t.co/Z6XE3Ngz6D
Via @ShinySheet by @soapbox1: “Show-jumping grand prix returns to Mar-a-Lago Sunday" http://t.co/OZe2udeXYQ
Via @HorsetalkNZ: “Florida’s Trump Invitational to kick off showjumping year” http://t.co/KXzZhzQM7s Mar-a-Lago's 3rd ann. Trump Grand Prix!
By popular demand I will be tweeting during tomorrow's record 14th season premiere of @ApprenticeNBC on @nbc at 9/8c http://t.co/MiVcT6zjEk
My @nbcdfw int. by @EricKingNBC5 w/@IvankaTrump discussing the Sunday @nbc premiere of @ApprenticeNBC’s 14th season http://t.co/eBsfcw5izR
I will be commenting LIVE on Sunday night (9 to 11) on TWITTER - Celebrity Apprentice will be great this season - amazing cast!
I just saw the movie "Unbroken" -- very good except I thought the ending was weak, no retribution! And we complain about waterboarding.
.@ApprenticeNBC season premiere this Sunday at 9/8c on @NBC- http://t.co/GD0xOaphnN
The Mar-a-Lago Club was amazing tonight. Everybody was there, the biggest and the hottest. Palm Beach is so lucky to have best club in world
